ARIZONA SUPPLEMENT
Voluntary Open Door Policy
Teammates are encouraged, but are not required, to communicate to the Company whenever
they believe working conditions may become intolerable to the Teammate and may cause the
Teammate to resign. However, Arizona law requires Teammates to notify the Company in writing
when a working condition exists that the Teammate believes is intolerable that will compel the
Teammate to resign, or that constitutes a constructive discharge, if the Teammate wants to
preserve the right to bring a claim against the employer alleging that the working condition forced
the Teammate to resign.
In order to preserve this claim, the Teammate must wait 15 calendar days after providing written
notice before resigning from employment. Depending upon the circumstances, a Teammate may
be entitled to a paid or unpaid leave of absence of up to 15 days while waiting for the Company
to respond to the Teammate’s written communication about a working condition.
Such concerns should be reported to Human Resources.
Paid Sick Leave
The Company provides eligible Teammate with paid sick time pursuant to the Arizona Fair Wages
and Healthy Families Act (FWHFA).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammate who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammate who receive sufficient
time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless required by
law.
The guidelines in this policy do not supersede applicable federal, state, or local laws regarding
leaves of absence, including but not limited to leave taken under the Family and Medical Leave
Act (FMLA), leave taken as a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA), or any other applicable federal, state, or local law, including those prohibiting
discrimination and harassment.
Eligible Teammates
All Teammate are eligible for paid sick time.
Teammates begin to accrue paid sick time on their first day of employment. Teammates accrue
one hour of paid sick time for every 30 hours worked.
For accrual purposes, overtime-exempt Teammates are presumed to work a 40-hour workweek.
If a Teammate normally works fewer than 40 hours, than accrual will be based on the Teammate’s
actual workweek.
Teammates can accrue up to a maximum of 40 paid sick time hours in a year. At the end of each
year, up to 40 hours of accrued but unused paid sick time can be carried over to the following
year.
Use of Paid Sick Time
Teammates cannot use paid sick time until their 90th calendar day of employment.
Teammates must use their paid sick time in one-hour increments.
Teammates can use up to 40 hours of paid sick time per year.
Reasons Paid Sick Time May Be Used
Paid sick time may be used for the following reasons:
• The Teammate's or a family member's mental or physical illness, injury or health condition;
need to seek medical diagnosis, care or treatment for the illness, injury or health condition;
or need for preventive care;
• Closure of the Teammate's workplace or a child's school or place of care by order of a
public health official due to a public health emergency;
• The Teammate's or a family member's presence in the community may jeopardize the
health of others due to exposure or suspected exposure to a communicable disease, even
if the Teammate or family member has not actually contracted the disease; and
• Absences due to domestic violence, sexual violence, abuse or stalking of a Teammate or
a family member in order to:
Obtain medical attention needed to recover from physical or psychological injury
o
or disability caused by the domestic violence, sexual violence, abuse or stalking;
Obtain services from a domestic or sexual violence program or victim services
o
organization;
Obtain psychological or other counseling;
o
Relocate or take other steps to secure an existing home; or
o
Obtain legal services (e.g., preparing for or participating in any civil or criminal legal
o
proceeding related to or resulting from domestic violence, sexual violence, abuse
or stalking).
A family member includes:
• A child, regardless of age (including a biological, adopted, foster or stepchild; a legal ward;
a child of a domestic partner; a child to whom the Teammate stands in loco parentis; or
an individual for whom the Teammate stood in loco parentis when the individual was a
minor);
• A parent of the Teammate or the Teammate's spouse or domestic partner (including a
biological, adoptive, foster or stepparent; a legal guardian; or a person who stood in loco
parentis when the Teammate or the Teammate's spouse or domestic partner was a
minor);
• A spouse or registered domestic partner;
• A grandparent, grandchild or sibling of the Teammate or the Teammate's spouse or
domestic partner (whether a biological, adoptive, foster or step relationship); and
• Any other individual related by blood or affinity whose close association with the
Teammate is the equivalent of a family relationship.
Requesting Paid Sick Time / Documentation
When the need for paid sick time is foreseeable, Teammates must make a good-faith effort to
provide advance notice to their Human Resources representative orally, in writing, or
electronically and schedule their absences in a way that does not unduly disrupt the Company’s
operations. For unforeseeable absences, Teammates must contact their Human Resources
representative orally, in writing, or electronically. If possible, a request must include the absence’s
expected duration. For absences of three or more consecutive workdays, the Company reserves
the right to request reasonable documentation demonstrating paid sick time was used for a
qualifying reason.
Rate of Pay for Paid Sick Time
Teammates will be paid their normal hourly rate when paid sick time is used for a lawful purpose.
Separation From Employment
Compensation for unused paid sick time will not be provided upon separation from employment
for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired by the Company within nine months of separation from
employment, but unused paid sick time will be immediately reinstated and the Teammate may
use that time immediately.
Teammates who transfer internally within the Company keep all accrued and unused paid sick
time.
Confidentiality
The Company will, in accordance with applicable federal, state or municipal law, treat as
confidential health information or information pertaining to domestic violence, sexual violence,
abuse or stalking pertaining to the Teammate or Teammate's family member. Such information
will not be released without the Teammate's express permission, unless otherwise required by
law.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for issues related to domestic violence under certain federal, state and municipal laws. In certain
situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another
federal, state or municipal law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company
is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their Human
Resources representative for information about other federal, state and municipal medical,
domestic violence or family leave rights.
No Discrimination or Retaliation
The Company prohibits discrimination and/or retaliation against Teammates for requesting or
using paid sick time for authorized circumstances or for making a complaint or informing a person
about a suspected violation of this policy, cooperating or participating in any investigation,
administrative hearing or judicial action regarding an alleged violation, opposing any policy or
practice prohibited by any paid sick leave law, or informing any person of their potential rights
under the law.