CALIFORNIA SUPPLEMENT
Discrimination, Harassment and Retaliation Prevention Policy
Equal Employment Opportunity
The Company is an equal opportunity employer. In accordance with applicable law, we prohibit
discrimination and harassment against Teammates, applicants for employment, individuals
providing services in the workplace pursuant to a contract, unpaid interns and volunteers based
on their actual or perceived: race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair
texture and protective hairstyles), religious creed, color, national origin, citizenship status,
ancestry, physical disability (including HIV/AIDS) or mental disability, medical condition, genetic
information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex and gender
(including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender identity and
gender expression (including transgender individuals who are transitioning, have transitioned, or
are perceived to be transitioning to the gender with which they identify), age (40 and over), sexual
orientation, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, an individual’s reproductive health
decisions and any other consideration protected by federal, state or local law (collectively referred
to as "protected characteristics").
For purposes of this policy, discrimination on the basis of "national origin" also includes
discrimination against an individual because that person holds or presents the California driver’s
license issued to those who cannot document their lawful presence in the United States, as well
as discrimination based upon any of the following: an individual’s or individual’s ancestors’ actual
or perceived physical, cultural or linguistic characteristics associated with a national origin group;
marriage to or association with individuals of a national origin group; tribal affiliation; membership
in or association with an organization identified with or seeking to promote the interests of a
national origin group; attendance or participation in schools, churches, temples, mosques or other
religious institutions generally used by persons of a national origin group; or a name that is
associated with a national origin group. A Teammate’s or applicant for employment’s immigration
status will not be considered for any employment purpose except as necessary to comply with
federal, state, or local law.
The Company allows Teammates to self-identify their gender, name and/or pronoun, including
gender-neutral pronouns. The Company will use a Teammate’s gender or legal name as indicated
on a government-issued identification document, only as necessary to meet an obligation
mandated by law. Otherwise, the Company will identify the Teammate in accordance with the
Teammate’s current gender identity and preferred name.
The Company will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based upon these characteristics or
any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. The Company also
does not retaliate or otherwise discriminate against applicants or Teammates who request a
reasonable accommodation for reasons related to disability or religion. Our commitment to equal
opportunity employment applies to all persons involved in our operations and prohibits unlawful
discrimination and harassment by any Teammate, including supervisors and co-workers.
Prohibited Harassment
The Company is committed to providing a work environment that is free of illicit harassment based
on any protected characteristics. As a result, the Company maintains a strict policy prohibiting
sexual harassment and harassment against Teammates, applicants for employment, individuals
providing services in the workplace pursuant to a contract, unpaid interns or volunteers based on
any legally-recognized basis, including, but not limited to, their actual or perceived race (including
traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture and protective hairstyles), religious
creed, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, physical disability (including HIV/AIDS)
or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered
domestic partnership status), sex and gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and
related medical conditions), gender identity and gender expression (including transgender
individuals who are transitioning, have transitioned, or are perceived to be transitioning to the
gender with which they identify), age (40 or over), sexual orientation, Civil Air Patrol status, military
and veteran status, an individual’s reproductive health decisions or any other consideration
protected by federal, state or local law. For purposes of this policy, discrimination on the basis of
"national origin" also includes harassment against an individual because that person holds or
presents the California driver’s license issued to those who cannot document their lawful presence
in the United States and based on any of the following: an individual’s or individual’s ancestors’
actual or perceived physical, cultural or linguistic characteristics associated with a national origin
group; marriage to or association with individuals of a national origin group; tribal affiliation;
membership in or association with an organization identified with or seeking to promote the
interests of a national origin group; attendance or participation in schools, churches, temples,
mosques or other religious institutions generally used by persons of a national origin group; or a
name that is associated with a national origin group. All such harassment is prohibited.
This policy applies to all persons involved in our operations, including coworkers, supervisors,
managers, temporary or seasonal workers, agents, clients, vendors, customers, or any other third
party interacting with the Company (“third parties”) and prohibits proscribed harassing conduct by
any Teammate or third party of the Company, including nonsupervisory Teammates, supervisors,
and managers. If such harassment occurs on the Company’s premises or is directed toward a
Teammate or a third party interacting with the Company, the procedures in this policy should be
followed.
Sexual Harassment Defined
Sexual harassment includes unwanted sexual advances, requests for sexual favors or visual,
verbal, or physical conduct of a sexual nature when:
• Submission to such conduct is made a term or condition of employment; or
• Submission to, or rejection of, such conduct is used as a basis for employment decisions
affecting the individual; or
• Such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with a Teammate’s
work performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment.
Sexual harassment also includes various forms of offensive behavior based on sex and includes
gender-based harassment of a person of the same sex as the harasser. The following is a partial
list:
• Unwanted sexual advances.
• Offering employment benefits in exchange for sexual favors.
• Making or threatening reprisals after a negative response to sexual advances.
• Visual conduct: leering; making sexual gestures; displaying sexually suggestive objects or
pictures, cartoons, posters, websites, emails or text messages.
• Verbal conduct: making or using derogatory comments, epithets, slurs, sexually explicit
jokes, or comments about a Teammate’s body or dress.
• Verbal sexual advances or propositions.
• Verbal abuse of a sexual nature; graphic verbal commentary about an individual’s body;
sexually degrading words to describe an individual; suggestive or obscene letters, notes
or invitations.
• Physical conduct: touching, assault, impeding or blocking movements.
• Retaliation for reporting harassment or threatening to report sexual harassment.
A Teammate may be liable for harassment based on sex even if the alleged harassing conduct
was not motivated by sexual desire. A Teammate who engages in unlawful harassment may be
personally liable for harassment even if the Company had no knowledge of such conduct.
Other Types of Harassment
Harassment on the basis of any legally protected characteristic, as identified above, is prohibited.
Prohibited harassment may include behavior similar to the illustrations above pertaining to sexual
harassment. This includes conduct such as:
• Verbal conduct including threats, epithets, derogatory comments or slurs based on an
individual’s protected classification;
• Visual conduct, including derogatory posters, photographs, cartoons, drawings or
gestures based on protected classification; and
• Physical conduct, including assault, unwanted touching or blocking normal movement
because of an individual’s protected status.
Abusive Conduct Prevention
It is expected that the Company and persons in the workplace perform their jobs productively as
assigned, and in a manner that meets all of management’s expectations, during working times,
and that they refrain from any malicious, patently offensive, or abusive conduct including but not
limited to conduct that a reasonable person would find offensive based on any of the protected
characteristics described above. Examples of abusive conduct include repeated infliction of verbal
abuse, such as the use of malicious, derogatory remarks, insults, and epithets, verbal, or physical
conduct that a reasonable person would find threatening, intimidating, or humiliating, or the
intentional sabotage or undermining of a person’s work performance.
Protection Against Retaliation
Retaliation is prohibited against any person by another Teammate or by the Company for using
the Company’s complaint procedure, reporting proscribed discrimination or harassment, or filing,
testifying, assisting or participating in any manner in any investigation, proceeding or hearing
conducted by a governmental enforcement agency. Prohibited retaliation includes, but is not
limited to, termination, demotion, suspension, failure to hire or consider for hire, failure to give
equal consideration in making employment decisions, failure to make employment
recommendations impartially, adversely affecting working conditions or otherwise denying any
employment benefit.
Discrimination, Harassment, Retaliation and Abusive Conduct Complaint Procedure
Any Teammate who believes they have been harassed, discriminated against, or subjected to
retaliation or abusive conduct by a co-worker, supervisor, agent, client, vendor, customer, or any
other third party interacting with the Company in violation of the foregoing policies, or who is aware
of such behavior against others, should immediately provide a written or verbal report to their
supervisor, any other member of management, Human Resources.
Teammates are not required to make a complaint directly to their immediate supervisor.
Supervisors and managers who receive complaints of misconduct must immediately report such
complaints to Human Resources who will attempt to resolve issues internally. When a report is
received, the Company will conduct a fair, timely, thorough and objective investigation that
provides all parties appropriate due process and reaches reasonable conclusions based on the
evidence collected. The Company expects all Teammates to fully cooperate with any investigation
conducted by the Company into a complaint of proscribed harassment, discrimination, or
retaliation, or regarding the alleged violation of any other Company policies. The Company will
maintain confidentiality surrounding the investigation to the extent possible and to the extent
permitted under applicable federal and state law.
Upon completion of the investigation, the Company will communicate its conclusion as soon as
practical. If the Company determines that this policy has been violated, remedial action will be
taken, commensurate with the severity of the offense, up to and including termination of
employment. Appropriate action will also be taken to deter any such conduct in the future.
The federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) and the California Civil Rights
Department (CRD) will accept and investigate charges of unlawful discrimination or harassment
at no charge to the complaining party. Information may be located by visiting the agency website
at www.eeoc.gov or https://calcivilrights.ca.gov. The CRD Sexual Harassment Prevention
Training may be accessed here: https://calcivilrights.ca.gov/shpt
Paid Sick & Safe Time (California Only)
The Company provides paid sick and safe time to eligible Teammates in compliance with
California’s Healthy Workplaces Healthy Families Act (HWHFA).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
Teammates (including full-time, part-time, and temporary Teammates) become eligible for paid
sick and safe time once they have worked in California for the Company for 30 days within a year
from the start of employment.
Teammates may begin to use their accrued time beginning on their 90th day of employment.
Teammates who have been employed by the Company for at least 90 days prior to becoming
eligible to accrue paid sick and safe time may use such leave immediately upon accrual.
Annual Accrual of Paid Sick and Safe Time
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick and safe time upon the first day of employment.
Paid sick and safe time accrues at a rate of one hour for every 30 hours worked, up to a maximum
accrual cap of 80 hours or the equivalent of 10 workdays, (based on the Teammate’s work
schedule), whichever is greater. The number of hours a nonexempt Teammate is deemed to work
each week will be based on time records and includes all hours worked, including overtime hours.
Exempt Teammates are assumed to work 40 hours per workweek, unless their normal workweek
is fewer than 40 hours per week, in which case accrued paid sick and safe time is based upon
that normal workweek. Once the maximum accrual cap is reached, Teammates will not accrue
additional paid sick and safe time until their accrual balance falls below the cap.
Paid sick and safe time may be used in increments of one hour or greater to cover all or just part
of a work day.
A Teammate’s use of paid sick and safe time is limited to 40 hours, or the equivalent of five
work days (based on the Teammate’s work schedule), whichever is greater, per calendar year.
Teammates will not accrue paid sick and safe time during unpaid leaves of absence.
Teammates are not required to find a Teammate to cover their work when they take paid sick
and safe time.
Reasons Sick and Safe Time May be Used
Teammates may use paid sick and safe time for themselves and their family members:
• For diagnosis, care or treatment of an existing medical condition; or
• For preventive care;
• Teammates may also use paid sick and safe time if the Teammate is a victim of domestic
violence, sexual assault or stalking and time off is needed to:
Obtain or attempt to obtain any relief (e.g., a temporary restraining order,
o
restraining order or other injunctive relief) to help ensure the health, safety or
welfare of the victim or the victim’s child;
Seek medical attention for injuries caused by domestic violence, sexual assault or
o
stalking;
Obtain services from a domestic violence shelter, program or rape crisis center as
o
a result of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking;
Obtain psychological counseling related to an experience of domestic violence,
o
sexual assault or stalking; or
Participate in safety planning and take other actions to increase safety from future
o
domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking, including temporary or permanent
relocation.
For purposes of this policy, "family members" include a:
• Spouse;
• Biological, adopted or foster child, stepchild, legal ward or a child to whom the Teammate
stands in loco parentis;
• Biological, adoptive or foster parent, stepparent, or legal guardian of a Teammate or the
Teammate’s spouse or registered domestic partner or a person who stood in loco parentis
when the Teammate was a minor child;
• Sibling;
• Grandparent or grandchild;
• Registered domestic partner (as defined by state or local law), as well as the child or
parent of a registered domestic partner; and
• A designated person.
For purposes of this policy, a “designated person” means a person identified by the Teammate at
the time the Teammate requests paid sick and safe time. Teammates are limited to one
designated person per 12-month period.
The definition of "child" applies irrespective of a child’s age or dependency status.
Requesting Paid Sick and Safe Time
When the need for paid sick and safe time use is foreseeable, Teammates must provide
reasonable advance oral or written notice to their supervisor for any absence from work. If the
need for paid sick and safe time is unforeseeable, Teammates must provide notice to their
supervisor of the need to use the time as soon as practicable. In all circumstances, Teammates
must specify that the requested time off is for sick or safe time reasons (as opposed to, for
example, vacation time), so that the absence may be designated accordingly. Failure to obtain
approval as soon as possible after determining the need to take such time may result in discipline.
Rate of Pay for Sick and Safe Time
For nonexempt Teammates, pay for sick and safe time is calculated: in the same manner as the
Teammate’s regular rate of pay for the workweek in which the Teammate uses sick and safe time,
regardless of whether the Teammate works overtime in that workweek, or by dividing the
Teammate’s total wages (not including overtime premium pay), by the Teammate’s total hours
worked in the full pay periods of the prior 90 days of employment]. For exempt Teammates,
payment for sick and safe time is calculated in the same manner as wages are calculated for
other forms of paid leave time.
Carryover
Accrued but unused paid sick and safe time will carry over from year to year.
Separation From Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused sick and safe time is not provided upon separation from
employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired by the Company within 12 months of
separation from employment, previously accrued but unused sick and safe time will immediately
be reinstated (up to the maximum of 48 hours or the equivalent of six days (per the Teammate’s
previous work schedule)). Rehired Teammates will be allowed immediate use of this time and to
accrue additional paid sick days upon rehiring, consistent with the use and accrual limitations of
this policy.
Confidentiality
The Company will keep confidential the health information of the Teammate or Teammate’s
covered family member, as well as information related to domestic violence perpetrated against
or sexual assault of the Teammate or Teammate’s covered family member. Such information will
not be disclosed except to the affected Teammate or as required by law.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for issues related to domestic violence under certain federal, state, and municipal laws. In certain
situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another
federal, state, or municipal law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The
Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their
Human Resources representative for information about other federal, state, and municipal
domestic violence, medical or family leave rights.
No Discrimination or Retaliation
The Company prohibits discrimination and/or retaliation against Teammates who request or use
paid sick and safe time for authorized circumstances or for making a complaint or informing a
person about a suspected violation of this policy. Likewise, the Company prohibits discrimination
and/or retaliation for cooperating with city or state officials in investigating claimed violations of
any paid sick leave law (including the HWHFA), cooperating, or participating in any investigation,
administrative hearing or judicial action regarding an alleged violation, opposing any policy or
practice that is prohibited by any paid sick leave law, or informing any person of their potential
rights under the law.
Paid Sick and Safe Leave (San Francisco Only)
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick and safe leave in accordance with the
requirements of the San Francisco Paid Sick Leave Ordinance (PSLO).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
All Teammates (whether full-time, part-time, or temporary and including undocumented and
household Teammates) who perform work in San Francisco are eligible to accrue paid sick and
safe leave, except for Teammates who:
• Perform work in San Francisco for fewer than 56 hours in a calendar year;
• Work from their home in San Francisco and work fewer than 56 hours in a calendar year;
and
• Are not based in San Francisco but who stop in San Francisco to work (e.g., for a pick-up
or delivery), if they perform fewer than 56 hours of work in the City in a calendar year.
Teammates are eligible to accrue paid sick and safe leave only for the hours worked in San
Francisco.
Accrual of Sick and Safe Leave
Eligible Teammates begin accruing paid sick and safe leave on the first day of employment.
Teammates accrue one hour of paid sick and safe leave for every 30 hours worked in San
Francisco (excluding vacation or sick and safe leave). The number of hours a nonexempt
Teammate is deemed to work each week will be based on time records and includes all hours
worked, including overtime hours. Exempt Teammates are assumed to work 40 hours per
workweek, unless their normal workweek is fewer than 40 hours per week, in which case accrued
paid sick and safe time is based upon that normal workweek. Paid sick and safe leave accrues to
a maximum of 72 hours. Eligible Teammates can begin to use their accrued paid sick and safe
leave on their 90th day of employment. After that, paid sick and safe leave may be used as soon
as it is accrued.
Accrued but unused sick and safe leave can be carried over from year to year.
However, once the maximum amount has been accrued, no further sick and safe leave will accrue
until previously accrued sick leave is used. Teammates will not accrue sick and safe leave during
unpaid leaves of absence.
Reasons Sick and Safe Leave May be Used
Paid sick and safe leave may be used only for the following reasons:
• When the Teammate is ill, injured or receiving medical care, treatment or diagnosis;
• To care for an eligible family member who is ill, injured or receiving medical care, treatment
or diagnosis;
• For the Teammate’s or a family member’s preventive care;
• For the Teammate to donate bone marrow or an organ or to assist a family member in
doing so;
• If the Teammate is a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking and time off is
needed to:
Obtain or attempt to obtain any relief (e.g., a temporary restraining order,
o
restraining order or other injunctive relief) to help ensure the health, safety or
welfare of the victim or their child;
Seek medical attention for injuries caused by domestic violence, sexual assault or
o
stalking;
Obtain services from a domestic violence shelter, program or rape crisis center as
o
a result of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking;
Obtain psychological counseling related to an experience of domestic violence,
o
sexual assault or stalking; or
Participate in safety planning and take other actions to increase safety from future
o
domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking, including temporary or permanent
relocation.
Eligible family members include a Teammate’s child (including child of a domestic partner and
child of a person standing in loco parentis), parent (including a person who stood in loco parentis
when a Teammate was a minor child and a person who is biological, adoptive, or foster parent,
stepparent, or guardian of the Teammate’s spouse or registered domestic partner), legal guardian
or ward, sibling, grandparent, or grandchild (the relationships may be biological, legal, foster,
adoptive or a step-relationship), as well as a spouse or registered domestic partner. If a
Teammate does not have a spouse or registered domestic partner, the Teammate may designate
one person as to whom the Teammate wishes to use sick leave to aid or care for that person.
Designation of this person must be done within 10 workdays of the Company providing the
opportunity to make a designation. The Company will provide an opportunity to re-designate a
person on an annual basis thereafter.
Sick and safe leave may not be used for personal reasons and may not be used during holidays,
vacations or for hours of work outside a Teammate’s regular schedule. If there is reason to believe
that sick and safe leave has been misused, sick pay may not be awarded.
Sick and safe leave may be used in increments of one hour or greater to cover all or just part of
a work day.
Teammates are not required to find a Teammate to cover their work when they take paid sick and
safe leave.
Requesting Sick and Safe Leave/Documentation
Except in the case of an emergency, Teammates must give reasonable advance notice of any
absence from work for which they intend to use paid sick and safe leave. To provide notice of the
need to use sick and safe leave, Teammates should contact Human Resources.
Upon return, Teammates must immediately complete a timecard (nonexempt Teammates) or
absence report (exempt Teammates) documenting the use of sick and safe leave.
Rate of Pay for Sick and Safe Leave
For nonexempt Teammates, pay for sick and safe leave is calculated: in the same manner as the
Teammate’s regular rate of pay for the workweek in which the Teammate uses sick and safe time,
regardless of whether the Teammate works overtime in that workweek, or by dividing the
Teammate’s total wages (not including overtime premium pay), by the Teammate’s total hours
worked in the full pay periods of the prior 90 days of employment]. For exempt Teammates,
payment for sick and safe leave is calculated in the same manner as wages are calculated for
other forms of paid leave time.
Integration With Other Benefits
It is a Teammate’s responsibility to apply for any applicable benefits for which the Teammate may
be eligible as a result of the illness or disability, including California State Disability Insurance,
workers’ compensation insurance, paid family leave benefits and/or any other disability insurance
benefits. If a Teammate elects to integrate paid sick and safe leave with other paid benefits, the
Company will integrate all paid benefits such that a Teammate will not be paid more than their
regular compensation at any time.
Separation From Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick and safe leave is not provided upon separation
from employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired by the Company within one year from
the date of separation, previously accrued but unused sick and safe leave will immediately be
reinstated (up to the maximum of 72 hours). Rehired Teammates will be allowed immediate use
of this time and to accrue additional paid sick and safe leave upon rehiring, consistent with the
use and accrual limitations of this policy.
Retaliation
The Company will not retaliate, or tolerate retaliation, against any Teammate who seeks or
obtains sick leave in accordance with this policy, who makes a good-faith complaint about a PSLO
violation or who communicates with any person about such a violation. In addition, the Company
will not retaliate against any Teammate who informs another person about the rights under the
PSLO.
Paid Sick and Safe Time (Los Angeles)
The Company provides paid sick and safe time to eligible Teammates in compliance with the Los
Angeles Minimum Wage Ordinance (LAMWO).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
Teammates (including full-time, part-time, temporary or seasonal Teammates) are eligible for paid
sick and safe time if they perform at least two hours of work in any particular week within the
geographic boundaries of the City of Los Angeles (“Los Angeles”), qualify as a Teammate entitled
to the state minimum wage and have worked for the Company for 30 days or more during any 12-
month period which occurs after the start of employment. The 12-month period begins on the first
day the Teammate works in the City of Los Angeles.
Teammates may begin to use their accrued time beginning on July 1, 2016, or their 90th day of
employment, whichever is later. Teammates who have been employed by the Company for at
least 90 days prior to becoming eligible to accrue paid sick and safe time may use such leave
immediately upon accrual.
Annual Accrual of Paid Sick and Safe Time
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick and safe time on July 1, 2016, or upon the first day
of employment, whichever is later.
Paid sick and safe time accrues at a rate of one hour for every 30 hours worked in Los Angeles,
up to a maximum accrual cap of 72 hours. Once the maximum accrual cap is reached,
Teammates will not accrue additional paid sick and safe time until their accrual balance falls below
the cap.
A Teammate’s use of paid sick and safe time is limited to 48 hours per calendar year. Teammates
based outside of Los Angeles may only use sick and safe time under this policy during times when
they are scheduled to perform work in Los Angeles.
Paid sick and safe time may be used in increments of two hours or greater to cover all or just part
of a workday.
Teammates will not accrue paid sick and safe time during unpaid leaves of absence.
Reasons Sick and Safe Time May be Used
Eligible Teammates may use paid sick and safe time for themselves and their family members:
• For diagnosis, care or treatment of an existing medical condition; and
• For preventive care.
Eligible Teammates may also use paid sick and safe time if the Teammate is a victim of domestic
violence, sexual assault or stalking and time off is needed to:
• Obtain or attempt to obtain any relief (e.g., a temporary restraining order, restraining order
or other injunctive relief) to help ensure the health, safety or welfare of the victim or the
victim’s child;
• Seek medical attention for injuries caused by domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking;
• Obtain services from a domestic violence shelter, program or rape crisis center as a result
of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking;
• Obtain psychological counseling related to an experience of domestic violence, sexual
assault or stalking; or
• Participate in safety planning and take other actions to increase safety from future
domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking, including temporary or permanent
relocation.
For purposes of this policy, “family members” include a:
• Spouse;
• Biological, adopted or foster child, stepchild, legal ward or a child to whom the Teammate
stands in loco parentis;
• Biological, adoptive or foster parent, stepparent, a legal guardian of a Teammate or the
Teammate’s spouse or registered domestic partner, or a person who stood in loco parentis
when the Teammate was a minor child;
• Sibling;
• Grandparent or grandchild;
• Registered domestic partner (as defined by state or local law); and
• An individual related to the Teammate by blood or affinity whose close association with
the Teammate is equivalent to a family relationship.
The definition of “child” applies regardless of a child’s age or dependency status.
Requesting Paid Sick and Safe Time
Teammates should contact their supervisor to request time off. For foreseeable absences,
Teammates should contact their supervisor at least one hour before the beginning of the
Teammate’s start time. For unforeseeable absences, Teammates should provide notice of their
intention to use sick and safe time as soon as practicable. Teammates should specify that the
requested time off is for sick and safe time reasons (as opposed to, for example, vacation time),
so that the absence may be designated as a paid sick and safe time absence.
Rate of Pay for Sick and Safe Time
The Company will calculate the regular rate of pay owed to a Teammate for used sick and safe
time based upon one of the following methods:
• In the same manner as the regular rate of pay for the workweek in which sick time is used
(regardless of whether overtime is worked that workweek); or
• By dividing total wages – excluding overtime premium pay – by total hours worked in the
full pay periods of the prior 90 days of employment.
Carryover
Accrued but unused paid sick and safe time will carry over from year to year but with an overall
cap of 72 hours. Therefore, once a Teammate has a bank of 72 hours of sick and safe time, no
further time will be carried over or accrued until previously accrued sick and safe time is used.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused sick and safe time is not provided upon separation from
employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired by the Company within 12 months of
separation from employment, previously accrued but unused sick and safe time will immediately
be reinstated (up to the maximum of 72 hours). Rehired Teammates will be allowed immediate
use of this time and to accrue additional paid sick days upon rehiring, consistent with the use and
accrual limitations of this policy.
Confidentiality
The Company will keep confidential the health information of the Teammate or Teammate’s
covered family member, as well as information related to domestic violence, sexual assault, or
stalking perpetrated against the Teammate. Such information will not be disclosed except to the
affected Teammate or as required by law.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for issues related to domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking under certain federal, state,
and municipal laws. In certain situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as
leave available under another federal, state, or municipal law, provided eligibility requirements for
that law are met. The Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates
should contact their Human Resources representative for information about other federal, state,
and municipal domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, medical or family leave rights.
No Discrimination or Retaliation
The Company prohibits discrimination and/or retaliation against Teammates for requesting or
using paid sick and safe time for authorized circumstances, participating in proceedings related
to the LAMWO, opposing any practice prohibited by the LAMWO or seeking to enforce or
otherwise assert rights under the LAMWO by lawful means. In addition, the Company prohibits
discrimination and/or retaliation against any Teammate for making a good-faith complaint or
report about alleged noncompliance with the LAMWO, informing any person about their rights
under the law or assisting a person in asserting those rights.
Paid Sick and Safe Time [San Diego]
The Company provides paid sick and safe time to eligible Teammates in compliance with the City
of San Diego Earned Sick Leave and Minimum Wage Ordinance (ESLO).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
Teammates (including full-time, part-time, and temporary Teammates) are eligible for paid sick
and safe time if they perform at least two hours of work in a calendar week within the geographic
boundaries of the City of San Diego (San Diego) and qualify as a Teammate entitled to the state
minimum wage or as a participant in a State of California Welfare-to-Work Program.
Teammates may begin to use their accrued time beginning their 90th day of employment,
whichever is later.
Annual Accrual of Paid Sick and Safe Time
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick and safe time on July 11, 2016, or upon the first
day of employment, whichever is later.
Paid sick and safe time accrues at a rate of one hour for every 30 hours worked in San Diego, up
to a maximum accrual cap of 80 hours. One hour of paid sick and safe time will accrue upon
completion of the entire 30 hours worked and will not accrue in increments of less than one hour
or for fractions of the 30-hour work period. The number of hours a nonexempt Teammate is
deemed to work each week will be based on time records and include all hours worked, including
overtime hours. Exempt Teammates are assumed to work 40 hours per workweek, unless their
normal workweek is fewer than 40 hours per week, in which case accrued paid sick and safe time
is based upon that normal workweek.
Paid sick and safe time may be used in increments of one hour or greater to cover all or just part
of a workday.
A Teammate’s use of paid sick and safe time is limited to 40 hours per calendar year.
Teammates will not accrue paid sick and safe time during unpaid leaves of absence.
Teammates are not required to find a Teammate to cover their work when they take paid sick and
safe time.
Reasons Sick and Safe Time May be Used
Teammates may use paid sick and safe time for the following reasons:
• When the Teammate is ill, injured or receiving medical care, treatment or diagnosis;
• When the Teammate requires leave for other medical reasons, such as pregnancy or
obtaining a physical examination;
• To care for or assist an eligible family member who is ill, injured or receiving medical care,
treatment or diagnosis of a medical condition; or
• If the Teammate’s place of business is closed or the Teammate is providing care or
assistance to a child whose school or childcare provider is closed by order of a public
official due to a public health emergency.
Teammates may also use paid sick and safe time if needed because of domestic violence, sexual
assault or stalking, so long as the time is used to obtain one or more of the following for the
Teammate or the Teammate’s family member:
• Medical attention needed to recover from injury or disability caused by domestic violence,
sexual assault or stalking;
• Services from a victim services organization;
• Psychological or other counseling;
• Relocation due to domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking; or
• Legal services, including preparing for or participating in any civil or criminal legal
proceeding related to or resulting from domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking.
For purposes of this policy, "family members" include a:
• Spouse;
• Biological, adopted or foster child, stepchild, legal ward or a child to whom the Teammate
stands in loco parentis;
• Biological, adoptive or foster parent, stepparent, a legal guardian of a Teammate or the
Teammate’s spouse or registered domestic partner, or a person who stood in loco parentis
when the Teammate was a minor child;
• Sibling;
• Grandparent or grandchild; and
• Registered domestic partner (as defined by state or local law), as well as the child or
parent of a registered domestic partner.
Requesting Paid Sick and Safe Time
When the need for paid sick and safe time use is foreseeable, Teammates must provide
reasonable advance notice to their supervisor, not to exceed seven days before the date sick
leave will begin for any absence from work. If the need for paid sick and safe time is
unforeseeable, Teammates must provide notice to their supervisor of the need to use the time as
soon as practicable. In all circumstances, Teammates must specify that the requested time off is
for sick or safe time reasons (as opposed to, for example, vacation time), so that the absence
may be designated accordingly.
Rate of Pay for Sick and Safe Time
For nonexempt Teammates, sick and safe time will be paid at the regular rate of pay for the work
week in which the Teammate uses the leave. For exempt Teammates, sick and safe time will be
paid at the same rate or in the same manner used to calculate compensation for paid working
time.
Carryover
Accrued but unused paid sick and safe time will carry over from year to year.
Separation From Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused sick and safe time is not provided upon separation from
employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired by the Company within six months of
separation from employment, previously accrued but unused sick and safe time will immediately
be reinstated. Rehired Teammates will be allowed immediate use of this time and to accrue
additional paid sick days upon rehiring, consistent with the use limitations of this policy.
Confidentiality
The Company will keep confidential the medical or other personal information about a Teammate
or Teammate’s covered family member. Such information will not be disclosed except with the
permission of the affected Teammate or as required by law.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for issues related to domestic violence under certain federal, state, and municipal laws. In certain
situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another
federal, state, or municipal law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The
Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their
Human Resources representative for information about other federal, state, and municipal
domestic violence, medical or family leave rights.
No Discrimination or Retaliation
The Company will not retaliate, or tolerate retaliation, against any Teammate who seeks or
obtains sick and safe time in accordance with this policy, who makes a good-faith complaint about
a possible ESLO violation or who communicates with any person about such a violation. In
addition, the Company will not retaliate against any Teammate who informs another person about
their potential rights under the ESLO.
San Francisco Public Health Emergency Leave
The Company provides public health emergency leave (“PHEL”) to eligible Teammates in
compliance with San Francisco’s Public Health Emergency Leave Ordinance (the “Ordinance”) in
accordance with Proposition G/Article 33P.
Eligibility
All Teammates (including full-time, part-time and temporary Teammates) who work in San
Francisco are eligible to receive PHEL from the Company.
Amount of PHEL
On January 1, 2023, and each January 1 thereafter, eligible Teammates will be provided up to
eighty (80) hours of PHEL as follows:
• Teammates with a full-time, regular, or fixed schedule will be provided an amount of PHEL
equal to the number of hours the Teammate regularly works or takes paid leave over a
two-week period.
• Eligible Teammates whose weekly hours vary will be provided an amount of PHEL equal
to the average number of hours over a two-week period that the Teammate worked or
took paid leave during the previous calendar year, or since the beginning of employment
if the Teammate became employed after the first day of the previous calendar year.
If a Teammate was not employed on January 1 of a given year, then on the start date of the first
public health emergency that begins during the Teammate’s employment, eligible Teammates will
be provided up to eighty (80) hours of PHEL as follows:
• Teammates with a full-time, regular, or fixed schedule will be provided an amount of PHEL
equal to the number of hours the Teammate regularly works or takes paid leave over a
two-week period.
• Eligible Teammates whose weekly hours vary will be provided an amount of PHEL equal
to the average number of hours over a two-week period that the Teammate worked or
took paid leave during the previous six months, or since the Teammate’s start date if the
Teammate has been employed for fewer than six months.
PHEL that remains unused at the end of the calendar year will be lost and will not carry over from
one year to the next.
Using PHEL
Eligible Teammates may use PHEL during a public health emergency1 if they cannot work (or
telework) due to one of the following reasons:
• The recommendations or requirements of an individual or general federal, state, or local
health order (including an order issued by the local jurisdiction in which a Teammate or a
family member for whom the Teammate is caring resides) related to the public health
emergency.
• The Teammate has been advised by a healthcare provider to isolate or quarantine.
• The Teammate is experiencing symptoms of and seeking a medical diagnosis, or has
received a positive medical diagnosis, for a possible infectious, contagious, or
communicable disease associated with the public health emergency.
• The Teammate is caring for a covered family member who is subject to an individual or
general federal, state, or local health order (including an order issued by the local
jurisdiction in which a Teammate resides), has been advised by a healthcare provider to
isolate or quarantine, or is experiencing symptoms as described in the bullet point above.
• The Teammate is caring for a covered family member if the school or place of care of the
family member has been closed, or the care provider of such family member is
unavailable, due to the public health emergency.
• An air quality emergency2, if the Teammate primarily works outdoors and is a member of
a “vulnerable population” (a person who has been diagnosed with heart or lung disease;
has respiratory problems including but now limited to asthma, emphysema, and chronic
obstructive pulmonary disease; is pregnant; or is age 60 or older).
For purposes of this policy, a “family member” includes the Teammate’s child; parent; legal
guardian or ward; sibling; grandparent; grandchild; spouse; registered domestic partner under
any state or local law, or the Teammate’s designated person.
PHEL may be taken in one (1) hour increments of time.
PHEL is available to newly hired eligible Teammates for immediate use, in accordance with this
policy.
Requesting PHEL
Teammates must notify Human Resources of their need to use PHEL – either orally or in writing
– as soon as practicable. Teammate’s status as a member of a vulnerable population. The
Company reserves the right to require documentation to verify a Teammate’s need for PHEL
under other circumstances to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Rate of Pay
For non-exempt Teammates, PHEL pay will be calculated in the same manner as the regular rate
of pay for the workweek in which the Teammate uses PHEL, whether or not the Teammate
actually works overtime in that workweek.
For exempt Teammates, payment for PHEL is calculated in the same manner as wages are
calculated for other forms of paid leave time.
Discipline for Unprotected Use of PHEL
Discipline – up to and including termination – may be taken against a Teammate who uses PHEL
for a purpose not covered by, or in a manner not consistent with, the Ordinance. In addition,
discipline— up to and including termination— may be taken against n Teammate who violates
this policy’s requirements concerning requesting, using, recording, verifying, and/or documenting
use of PHEL.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
PHEL is separate from, and does not affect or limit, any existing paid leave benefits provided to
Teammates under other Company policies or applicable law, including but not limited to vacation
and paid sick leave under California’s Healthy Workplaces, Healthy Families Act and the San
Francisco Paid Sick Leave Ordinance. Teammates remain eligible to use any available and
2 An Air Quality Emergency means a day when the Bay Area Air Quality Management District issues a
Spare the Air Alert.
applicable paid leave benefits. PHEL may be used prior to or in lieu of using any other paid time
off.
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for their own or a family
member’s medical conditions under certain federal, state and municipal laws. In certain situations,
leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another federal, state
or municipal law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met.
It is a Teammate’s responsibility to apply for any applicable benefits for which the Teammate may
be eligible as a result of the illness or disability, including California State Disability Insurance,
workers’ compensation insurance, paid family leave benefits and/or any other disability insurance
benefits. If a Teammate elects to integrate PHEL with other paid benefits, the Company will
integrate all paid benefits such that a Teammate will not be paid more than their regular
compensation at any time.
Separation from Employment
The Company does not pay a Teammate for unused PHEL upon the Teammate’s separation from
employment for any reason.
No Discrimination or Retaliation
The Company prohibits discrimination and/or retaliation against Teammates who request or use
PHEL for qualifying reasons consistent with the provisions of this policy and applicable law. So
long as the Notice provisions outlined above are followed, the Company will not count a
Teammate’s use of PHEL as an absence or “occurrence” under any Company attendance policy.
Therefore, any such use of PHEL will not lead to or result in discipline, demotion, suspension, or
termination.
The Company will not retaliate, or tolerate retaliation, against any Teammate who seeks or
obtains PHEL in accordance with this policy, who makes a good-faith complaint about a violation
under the Ordinance or who communicates with any person about such a violation. In addition,
the Company will not retaliate against any Teammate who informs another person about their
rights under the Ordinance.
Additional Information Regarding the Ordinance
This policy is subject to modification pending any changes to judicial or regulatory guidance
issued regarding the Ordinance. The policy should be construed in such a way as to be in
harmony with the requirements set forth in any such guidance.
Please contact Human Resources for additional information about PHEL and whether you may
be eligible for leave under this policy.
Family and Medical Leave (California Family Right Act)
The Company will grant time off to Teammates in accordance with the requirements of the
California Family Rights Act (“CFRA”) and the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (Fed-FMLA).
Where both the CFRA and Fed-FMLA apply, the leave provided by each will count against the
Teammate’s entitlement under both laws and must be taken concurrently. A Teammate who is
eligible for leave under only one of these laws will receive benefits in accordance with that law
only. In any case, Teammates will be eligible for the most generous benefits available under
applicable law.
The following policy addresses Teammate rights under the CFRA only. Teammates should refer
to the Handbook for additional detail regarding the Fed-FMLA.
Teammate Eligibility
To be eligible for CFRA leave, Teammates must have been employed by the Company for a total
of at least 12 months (52 weeks) at any time prior to the commencement of the leave and have
worked at least 1,250 hours over the previous 12 months as of the start of the leave.
Qualifying Reasons for Leave
Eligible Teammates may request leave under the CFRA for one or more of the following reasons:
• For the birth of a Teammate’s child or the placement of a child with the Teammate for
foster care or adoption, so long as the leave is completed within 12 months of the birth or
placement of the child;
• To care for the Teammate’s spouse or registered domestic partner, child (regardless of
age or dependency status), parent, grandparent, grandchild, sibling or designated person
with a serious health condition;
• For the Teammate’s own serious health condition, except for disability from pregnancy,
childbirth, or a related medical condition; or
• For a qualifying exigency related to the covered active duty or call to covered active duty
of a Teammate’s spouse, domestic partner, child, or parent in the Armed Forces of the
United States.
For purposes of this policy, a "parent" includes a biological, foster or adoptive parent, a
stepparent, parent-in-law, a legal guardian or other person who stood in loco parentis to the
Teammate when the Teammate was a child.
A “designated person” means any individual related by blood or whose association with the
Teammate is the equivalent of a family relationship. Teammates may identify a designated person
at the time they request CFRA leave. Teammates are limited to one designated person per 12-
month period.
"Serious health condition" means an illness, injury (including, but not limited to, on-the-job
injuries), impairment or physical or mental condition that involves either:
• Inpatient care (including, but not limited to, substance abuse treatment) in a hospital,
hospice, or residential medical care facility, including any period of incapacity (that is,
inability to work, attend school or perform other regular daily activities) or any subsequent
treatment in connection with this inpatient care; or
• Continuing treatment (including, but not limited to, substance abuse treatment) or
continuing supervision by a health care provider that includes one or more of the following:
A period of incapacity (that is, inability to work, attend school or perform other
o
regular daily activities due to a serious health condition, its treatment or the
recovery that it requires) of more than three consecutive calendar days, and any
subsequent treatment or period of incapacity relating to the same condition, that
also involves treatment two or more times via an in-person visit to a health care
provider, or at least one visit to a health care provider that results in a regimen of
continuing treatment under the supervision of the health care provider;
Any period of incapacity or treatment for incapacity due to a chronic serious health
o
condition that requires periodic visits to a health care provider, continues over an
extended period of time and may cause episodic incapacity;
A period of incapacity that is permanent or long-term due to a condition for which
o
treatment may not be effective, such as Alzheimer’s, a severe stroke and the
terminal stages of a disease; or
Any period of absence to receive multiple treatments (including any period of
o
recovery) by a health care provider either for (a) restorative surgery after an
accident or other injury; or (b) a condition that would likely result in a period of
incapacity of more than three consecutive calendar days in the absence of medical
intervention or treatment.
Length of Leave
Teammates are entitled to a maximum of 12 workweeks of CFRA leave in a 12-month period.
The applicable "12-month period" used by the Company is the rolling 12-month period measured
backward from the date a Teammate uses CFRA leave. Under this method the 12-month period
is measured backward from the day the Teammate uses any CFRA leave.
CFRA leave is not available when a Teammate is disabled by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related
condition. However, Teammates disabled by pregnancy, childbirth or a related medical condition
may be entitled to pregnancy disability leave under California law and the Federal FMLA. Federal
FMLA leave will generally run concurrently with pregnancy disability leave. CFRA leave is in
addition to and will not run concurrently with leave taken in accordance with California’s
pregnancy disability leave law.
When CFRA leave is for the birth or placement of a child and both parents work for the Company,
they will each be allowed up to 12 weeks of CFRA leave within 12 months of the child’s birth or
placement.
When the reason for CFRA leave is the Teammate’s serious health condition, which also
constitutes a “disability” under California’s Fair Employment and Housing Act (“FEHA”), and the
Teammate cannot return to work at the conclusion of the CFRA leave, the Company will engage
in an interactive process to determine whether an extension of leave would be a reasonable
accommodation under the FEHA.
Intermittent or Reduced Schedule Leave
Under some circumstances, Teammates may take CFRA leave intermittently, which means taking
leave in blocks of time or reducing the Teammate’s normal weekly or daily work schedule. A
Teammate may take leave intermittently or on a reduced schedule whenever it is medically
necessary to care for the Teammate’s child, parent, spouse, registered domestic partner or
registered domestic partner’s child with a serious health condition or because the Teammate has
a serious health condition. The medical necessity of the leave must be determined by the health
care provider of the person with the serious health condition.
Intermittent or reduced schedule leave may also be taken for absences where the Teammate or
their family member is incapacitated or unable to perform the essential functions of the job
because of a chronic serious health condition, even if the person does not receive treatment by a
health care provider.
Leave due to military exigencies may also be taken on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule
basis.
Leave taken intermittently may be taken in increments of no less than one hour. Teammates who
take leave intermittently or on a reduced work schedule basis for planned medical treatment must
make a reasonable effort to schedule the leave so as not to unduly disrupt the Company’s
operations. Please contact Human Resources prior to scheduling medical treatment. If CFRA
Leave is taken intermittently or on a reduced schedule basis due to planned medical treatment,
the Company may require Teammates to transfer temporarily to an available alternative position
with an equivalent pay rate and benefits, including a part-time position, to better accommodate
recurring periods of leave.
If a Teammate using intermittent leave or working a reduced schedule finds it physically
impossible to start or stop work mid-way through a shift in order to take CFRA leave and is
therefore forced to be absent for the entire shift, the entire period will be counted against the
Teammate’s CFRA entitlement. However, if there are other aspects of work that the Teammate
is able to perform that are not physically impossible, then the Teammate will be permitted to return
to work, thereby reducing the amount of time to be charged to the Teammate’s CFRA entitlement.
CFRA leave for Bonding Leave does not have to be taken in one continuous period of time, but
the minimum duration is two weeks. However, the Company will grant a request for CFRA leave
lasting less than two weeks’ twice during the 12-week period. Additional requests for Bonding
Leave lasting less than two weeks may be directed to Human Resources and will be considered
on a case-by-case basis depending on the needs of the Company. If the request is granted, the
Company may require the Teammate to transfer temporarily to an available alternative position.
Bonding Leave must be concluded within one year of the birth or placement of the child.
Requesting Leave
Teammates who wish to take planned family or medical leave must notify Human Resources with
reasonable promptness when they become aware of the need for leave and should identify the
planned dates of the leave. The Company may require Teammates to provide written notice of
the need for leave, except where written notice is not possible because of the need for immediate
health care consultation or treatment.
When the need for the leave is foreseeable (such as for the expected birth or placement of a child)
Teammates must, if possible, provide at least 30 days’ advance notice. For events that are
unforeseeable, Teammates should notify the Company (at least verbally) as soon as they learn
of the need for leave.
Teammates who need CFRA leave that is foreseeable due to a planned medical treatment should
make reasonable efforts to schedule leave to avoid disruption to Company operations.
In addition to other notice provisions, Teammates requesting leave for CFRA qualifying reasons
must respond to any questions designed to determine whether an absence is potentially qualifying
for leave under this policy. Failure to respond to permissible inquiries regarding the leave request
may result in denial of CFRA leave protections
Certification of Health Care Provider
When the leave relates to medical issues (i.e., the serious health condition of a Teammate or
family member), Teammates will be required to provide a medical certification within 15 calendar
days of the Company’s request, unless it is not practicable to do so. Certification forms are
available from Human Resources. Teammates on CFRA leave for their own or a family member’s
serious health condition may be required to provide a recertification when the original certification
expires, if additional leave is requested.
At the Company’s expense, the Company may also require a second medical opinion regarding
a Teammate’s own serious health condition. Teammates are expected to cooperate with the
Company in obtaining additional medical opinions that the Company may require.
Qualifying Exigency Leave Requirements
Teammates are required to provide:
• As much advance notice as is reasonable and practicable under the circumstances;
• A copy of the covered servicemember’s active-duty orders when the Teammate requests
leave and/or documentation (such as Rest and Recuperation leave orders) issued by the
military setting forth the dates of the servicemember’s leave; and
• A completed Certification of Qualifying Exigency form within 15 calendar days, unless
unusual circumstances exist to justify providing the form at a later date.
Certification forms are available from Human Resources.
Failure to Provide Notice or Certification and to Return From Leave
Absent unusual circumstances, failure to comply with these notice and certification requirements
may result in a delay or denial of the leave. If a Teammate fails to return to work at the leave’s
expiration and has not obtained an extension of the leave, the Company may presume that the
Teammate does not plan to return to work and has voluntarily terminated their employment.
Benefits
The Company will continue making contributions for a Teammate’s group health benefits during
a leave on the same terms as if the Teammate had continued to work. This means that, if a
Teammate wants benefits coverage to continue during CFRA leave, the Teammate must continue
to make any premium payments they were required to make for themselves or their dependents
prior to the leave. Teammates will generally be provided with group health benefits for a 12-
workweek period. In some instances, the Company may recover premiums it paid on a
Teammate’s behalf to maintain health coverage if the Teammate fails to return to work following
CFRA leave for reasons other than the continuation, recurrence, or onset of a serious health
condition or circumstances beyond the Teammate’s control.
A Teammate’s length of service will remain intact but benefits such as vacation and sick leave
may not accrue while on an unpaid CFRA leave.
No loss of benefits accrued prior to the leave will occur as a result of leave under the CFRA, but
Teammates are not entitled to any benefit or position that they would not have been entitled to if
they did not take the leave.
Compensation During Leave
Leave taken under this policy is generally unpaid, although depending upon the circumstances,
Teammates may be eligible to receive benefits through state-sponsored programs or the
Company’s sponsored wage-replacement benefit programs. Also, Teammates may choose to
use accrued vacation and sick leave, to the extent permitted by law and the Company’s policy. If
Teammates elect to have wage-replacement benefits and accrued paid leave integrated, the
integration may be arranged such that Teammates will receive no greater compensation than
their regular compensation during this period. The use of paid benefits will not extend the length
of CFRA leave.
Job Reinstatement
Under most circumstances, Teammates will be reinstated to the same position they held at the
time of the leave or to an equivalent position with equivalent pay, benefits and other terms and
conditions of employment. If a Teammate becomes unqualified during CFRA leave as a result of
not attending a necessary course, or renewing a license, the Teammate will be given a reasonable
opportunity to fulfill those conditions upon returning to work. Further, the Company may grant a
Teammate’s request to work a different shift, in a different or better position, or in a different
location, that is better suited to the Teammate’s personal needs upon returning from CFRA leave.
The Company will also consider a reasonable accommodation under the FEHA if the Teammate
is returning from CFRA leave for their own serious health condition. However, Teammates have
no greater right to reinstatement than if they had been continuously employed rather than taken
leave. For example, if a Teammate would have been laid off or the Teammate’s position would
have been eliminated even if they had not gone on leave, then the Teammate will not be entitled
to reinstatement. However, if a Teammate has been replaced or the Teammate’s position was
restructured to accommodate the Teammate absence, the Teammate is entitled to reinstatement.
The Company will not limit or deny reinstatement from CFRA leave on the basis that a Teammate
is considered a “key Teammate” under the FMLA.
Prior to being allowed to return to work, a Teammate wishing to return from leave for their own
serious health condition must submit an acceptable release from a health care provider that
certifies the Teammate is able to resume work. For a Teammate on intermittent or reduced
schedule CFRA leave, such a release may be required up to once every 30 days if reasonable
safety concerns exist regarding the Teammate’s ability to perform their duties, based on the
serious health condition for which the Teammate took the intermittent or reduced schedule leave.
Documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications or medical histories of Teammates
or Teammates’ family members will be maintained separately and treated as confidential medical
records, except that in some legally recognized circumstances, the records (or information in
them) may be disclosed to supervisors and managers, first aid and safety personnel or
government officials.
Fraudulent Use of CFRA Leave Prohibited
A Teammate who fraudulently obtains CFRA Leave from the Company is not protected by the
CFRA’s job restoration or maintenance of health benefits provisions. In addition, the Company
will take all available appropriate disciplinary action against a Teammate due to such fraud.
Nondiscrimination
The Company takes its CFRA leave obligations very seriously and will not interfere with, restrain,
or deny the exercise of any rights provided by the CFRA. We will not terminate or discriminate
against any individual for exercising their right to family and medical leave under the CFRA or for
giving information or testimony regarding their own or another person’s leave in an inquiry or
proceeding related to rights under the CFRA. If a Teammate believes that their CFRA rights have
been violated in any way, they should immediately report the matter to Human Resources.
Pregnancy and Pregnancy-Related Disabilities Leave and Accommodation
Pregnancy Disability Leave
Any Teammate who is disabled by pregnancy, childbirth or a related medical condition (including
medical conditions relating to lactation) is eligible for up to four months of pregnancy disability
leave. If a Teammate is also eligible for leave under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act
(Fed-FMLA), the Fed-FMLA leave, and the pregnancy disability leave will run concurrently.
For purposes of this policy, Teammates are "disabled by pregnancy" when, in the opinion of their
health care provider, they cannot work at all or are unable to perform any one or more of the
essential functions of their job or to perform them without undue risk to themselves, the successful
completion of their pregnancy or other persons as determined by a health care provider. The term
"disabled" also applies to certain pregnancy-related conditions, such as severe morning sickness
or the need to take time off for prenatal or postnatal care, bed rest, post-partum depression and
the loss or end of pregnancy (among other pregnancy-related conditions that are considered to
be disabling).
Reasonable Accommodation for Pregnancy-Related Disabilities
Any Teammate who is affected by pregnancy may also be eligible for a temporary transfer or
another accommodation. Teammates are "affected by pregnancy" if they are pregnant or have a
related medical condition and their health care provider has certified that it is medically advisable
for the Teammate to temporarily transfer or to receive some other accommodation.
The Company will provide a temporary transfer to a less-strenuous or -hazardous position or
duties or other accommodation to a Teammate affected by pregnancy if:
• The Teammate requests a transfer or other accommodation;
• The request is based upon the certification of a health care provider as "medically
advisable"; and
• The transfer or other requested accommodation can be reasonably accommodated
pursuant to applicable law.
No additional position will be created, and the Company will not terminate another Teammate,
transfer another Teammate with more seniority, or promote or transfer any Teammate who is not
qualified to perform the new job as a part of the accommodation process.
Examples of reasonable accommodations include: (1) modifying work schedules to provide earlier
or later hours; (2) modifying work duties, practices, or policies; (3) providing time off; (4) providing
furniture (such as stools) and modifying equipment and devices; and (5) providing additional break
time for lactation or trips to the restroom. If time off or a reduction in hours is granted as a
reasonable accommodation, the Company will consider the reduced hours/time off as pregnancy
disability leave and deduct those hours from a Teammate’s four-month leave entitlement.
Advance Notice and Medical Certification
To be approved for a pregnancy disability leave of absence, a temporary transfer or other
reasonable accommodation, Teammates must provide the Company with:
• 30 days’ advance notice before the leave of absence, transfer or reasonable
accommodation is to begin, if the need is foreseeable;
• As much notice as is practicable before the leave, transfer or reasonable accommodation
when 30 days’ notice is not possible; and
• A signed medical certification from their health care provider that states that they are
disabled due to pregnancy or that it is medically advisable for them to be temporarily
transferred or to receive some other requested accommodation.
The Company may require Teammates to provide a new certification if they request an extension
of time for their leave, transfer or other requested accommodation.
Failure to provide the Company with reasonable advance notice may result in the delay of leave,
transfer, or other requested accommodation.
Duration
The Company will provide Teammates with pregnancy disability leave for a period not to exceed
four months. The four months is defined as the number of days (and hours) the Teammate would
normally work within four calendar months or 17.33 workweeks. This leave may be taken
intermittently or on a continuous basis, as certified by the Teammate’s health care provider.
The Company may require a Teammate to temporarily transfer to an available alternative position
to meet the medical need of the Teammate to take intermittent leave or work on a reduced
schedule as certified by the Teammate’s health care provider. The Teammate must be qualified
for the alternative position, which will have an equivalent rate of pay and benefits, but not
necessarily equivalent job duties.
Any temporary transfer or other reasonable accommodation provided to a Teammate affected by
pregnancy will not reduce the amount of pregnancy disability leave time the Teammate has
available unless the temporary transfer or other reasonable accommodation involves a reduced
work schedule or intermittent absences from work.
The length of the transfer or other accommodation will depend upon the period of time for which
it is medically advisable.
Benefits
The Company will maintain a Teammate’s health insurance benefits during a Teammate’s
pregnancy disability leave for a period of up to four months (as defined above) on the same terms
as they were provided prior to the leave time. If Teammates take additional time off following a
pregnancy disability leave that qualifies as leave under the California Family Rights Act (CFRA)
the Company will continue their health insurance benefits for up to a maximum of 12 workweeks
in a 12-month period.
In some instances, the Company may recover premiums it paid to maintain health insurance
benefits if a Teammate fails to return to work following pregnancy disability leave for reasons
other than taking additional leave afforded by law or Company policy or not returning due to
circumstances beyond the Teammate’s control.
Pregnancy disability leaves and accommodations that require Teammates to work a reduced work
schedule or to take time off from work intermittently are unpaid. Teammates may use their accrued
vacation, sick or other paid time off (PTO) benefits during the unpaid leave of absence, if
applicable. However, use of sick, vacation or other PTO benefits will not extend the available
leave of absence time. Sick, vacation and other PTO leave hours will not accrue during any unpaid
portion of the leave of absence, and Teammates will not receive pay for official holidays that are
observed during their leave of absence except during those periods when they are substituting
vacation or sick leave for unpaid leave.
Any State Disability Insurance for which Teammates are eligible may be integrated with accrued
vacation, sick leave or other PTO benefits so that they do not receive more than 100 percent of
their regular pay.
Reinstatement
If the Teammate and the Company have agreed upon a definite date of return from the leave of
absence or transfer, the Teammate will be reinstated on that date if they notify the Company that
they are able to return on that date. If the length of the leave of absence or transfer has not been
established, or if it differs from the original agreement, the Teammate will be returned to work
within two business days, where feasible, after notifying the Company of their readiness to return.
Before Teammates will be allowed to return to work in their regular job following a leave of
absence or transfer, they must provide Human Resources with a certification from their health
care provider that they can perform safely all of the essential duties of the position, with or without
reasonable accommodation. If Teammates do not provide such a release prior to or upon
reporting for work, they will be sent home until a release is provided. This time before the release
is provided will be unpaid.
Teammates will be returned to the same position upon the conclusion of their leave of absence
or transfer unless the position ceases to exist. In cases where the Teammate’s position no longer
exists, the Company will provide a comparable position on the scheduled return date or within 60
calendar days of that return date. However, Teammates will not be entitled to any greater right to
reinstatement than if they had not taken the leave.
To the extent required by law, some extensions beyond a Teammate’s pregnancy disability leave
entitlement may be granted when the leave is necessitated by a Teammate’s injury, illness or
"disability" as defined under the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or applicable state or local
law.
The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against Teammates because they request or make
use of leave, a transfer or other accommodations in accordance with this policy. This policy does
not limit a pregnant Teammate’s rights under any other policy or laws protecting gender,
pregnancy and childbirth, or health conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth.
Teammates who have questions about this policy or who wish to request leave, transfer or other
reasonable accommodation under this policy should contact Human Resources.
Crime Victim Leave
The Company will provide time off to any Teammate who is a victim, as that term is defined in
this policy, so that the Teammate may obtain or attempt to obtain relief and to help ensure the
health, safety or welfare of the Teammate or the Teammate’s child. For purposes of this policy,
“victim” includes a victim of stalking, domestic violence, or sexual assault; a victim of a crime that
caused physical injury or that caused mental injury and a threat of physical injury; or a person
whose immediate family member is deceased as the direct result of a crime.
"Relief" includes, but is not limited to, a temporary restraining order, restraining order or other
injunctive relief. “Immediate family member” includes the Teammate’s:
• Child, regardless of age (including a biological, adopted, step-, or foster child; legal ward;
child of a domestic partner; child to whom the Teammate stands in loco parentis; or person
to whom the Teammate stood in loco parentis when the person was a minor);
• Parent (including a biological, adoptive, step-, foster parent or legal guardian of the
Teammate or the Teammate’s spouse or domestic partner or a person who stood in loco
parentis when the Teammate or Teammate’s spouse or domestic partner was a minor
child);
• Sibling (including a biological, foster, step-, half- or adoptive sibling);
• Spouse or registered domestic partner; or
• Any other individual whose close association with the Teammate is the equivalent of such
family relationships.
Any Teammate against whom any crime has been committed will also be permitted time off to
appear in court to comply with a subpoena or other court order as a witness in a judicial
proceeding.
Teammates should give the Company reasonable notice of the need for leave, unless advance
notice is not feasible. When an unscheduled absence occurs, the Company may require the
Teammate to provide written certification of the need for time off. Any of the following will be
considered sufficient certification: a police report indicating the Teammate was a victim; a court
order protecting or separating the Teammate from the perpetrator of the crime or abuse, or other
evidence from the court or prosecuting attorney that the Teammate has appeared in court;
documentation from a licensed medical professional, domestic violence counselor, sexual assault
counselor, victim advocate, licensed health care provider or counselor that the Teammate was
undergoing treatment or receiving services for physical or mental injuries or abuse resulting in
victimization from the crime or abuse; or any other form of documentation that reasonably verifies
that the crime or abuse occurred, including but not limited to, a written statement signed by the
Teammate, or an individual acting on the Teammate’s behalf, certifying that the absence is for an
authorized purpose.
Additionally, a Teammate who is a victim may take time off for any of the following reasons: (1)
to seek medical attention for injuries caused by the crime or abuse; (2) to obtain services from a
domestic violence shelter, program, rape crisis center or victim services organization or agency
as a result of the crime or abuse; (3) to obtain psychological counseling or mental health services
related to an experience of crime or abuse; and (4) to participate in safety planning and take other
actions to increase safety from future crime or abuse, including temporary or permanent
relocation.
If the reason for the leave is also covered by the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)
and/or the California Family Rights Act (CFRA), the leave pursuant to this policy and FMLA/CFRA
will run concurrently. Additionally, the length of leave under this policy is limited to that provided
under the FMLA. For example, a Teammate is not entitled to time off due to reasons in this policy
if they have already exhausted the maximum 12 weeks of leave under the FMLA.
Teammates may use accrued paid time off, such as vacation time, in order to receive
compensation during the leave of absence.
Teammates may also be entitled to a reasonable accommodation under the Company’s
Accommodation for Victims of Domestic Violence, Sexual Assault or Stalking policy and to
additional leave under the Company’s Leave to Attend Judicial Proceedings Related to Certain
Felonies policy and Leave to Attend Court Proceedings for Serious Crimes policy. Teammates
should consult those policies and/or Human Resources for additional information. The Company
will keep all information submitted in connection with a Teammate’s request for leave confidential
to the extent permissible by law. If the law requires disclosure of information, the Company will
notify the Teammate before any information is released.
The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against any Teammate because of the Teammate’s
status as a victim of crime or abuse, if the Teammate provides the Company notice of such status,
the Company has actual knowledge of such status, or the Teammate takes or requests leave in
accordance with this policy.
Teammates who have questions about this policy or who wish to request a leave of absence
under this policy should contact their Human Resources representative.
Time Off to Vote
The Company encourages all Teammates to fulfill their civic responsibilities and to vote in official
public elections. Most Teammates’ schedules provide sufficient time to vote either before or after
working hours.
Any Teammates who do not have sufficient time outside of working hours to vote in a statewide
public election, while the polls are open, may take up to two hours off from work, without loss of
pay. Any additional time off will be without pay. Teammates must take the time off at the beginning
or end of their regular work schedule, whichever allows the greatest amount of free time for voting
and the least amount of time off from work, unless mutually agreed otherwise.
Teammates must provide at least two working days’ notice of the need for leave when, on the
third working day prior to the election day, the Teammate knows or has reason to believe they
will need time off to vote on election day. Otherwise, Teammates must give reasonable notice of
the need to have time off to vote.
Overtime
When operating requirements or other needs cannot be met during regular working hours,
Teammates may be scheduled to work overtime. All overtime must be approved in advance
by the Teammate’s supervisor. Working overtime without prior authorization may result in
disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.
All nonexempt Teammates in California will be paid a premium for overtime hours as follows:
1. One and one-half times their regular rate of pay for all hours worked in excess of 8
per workday, up to 12, or in excess of 40 in a workweek;
2. One and one-half times their regular rate of pay for the first 8 hours on the seventh
consecutive day of work in a workweek; and
3. Double the regular rate of pay for all hours worked in excess of 12 in a workday and
after 8 hours on the seventh consecutive day of work in a workweek.
All nonexempt Teammates are entitled to at least one day of rest every seven days in a workweek
unless certain exceptions apply as described in the Company’s Day of Rest Policy. A Teammate
may independently and voluntarily choose not to take a day of rest and confirm such choice in
writing with the Company.
Meal and Rest Periods
The Company complies with federal and state legal requirements concerning meal and rest
periods. The Company recognizes that Teammates perform at their best when they have the rest
and nourishment they need. This policy explains when the Company expects Teammates to take
meal and rest periods.
Meal Periods
The Company provides at least a 30-minute meal period to Teammates who work more than five
hours in a work period and a second 30-minute meal period to Teammates who work more than
10 hours in a work period, unless they have elected to waive a meal period in accordance with
the Company’s policy and state law. Under certain circumstances, Teammates can voluntarily
elect to waive a meal period. Meal Period Waiver Forms are available from Human Resources.
When a Teammate works for a work period of more than five hours, the Company will provide a
30-minute meal period to start within the first five hours of work (e.g., if the Teammate begins
work at 8 a.m., the meal period will be provided to start no later than 1 p.m.). When a Teammate
works for a work period of more than 10 hours, the Company will provide a second 30-minute
meal period to start within the first ten hours of work (e.g., if the Teammate begins work at 8 a.m.
and takes a first unpaid meal period of exactly 30 minutes, the second meal period will be provided
to start no later than 6:30 p.m.).
Teammates are relieved of all of their duties during meal periods and are allowed to leave the
premises.
The Company provides meal periods as follows:
Number of
Hours Worked Number of Meal
Comments
in a Work Periods Provided
Period
A Teammate who does not work more than
0 to < 5.0 0 five hours in a work period is not provided
with a meal period.
A Teammate who works more than five hours
in a work period, but who does not work more
than ten hours in a work period, is provided
> 5.0 to < 10.0 1
with a 30-minute meal period to start within
the first five hours of work, subject to any
meal period waiver in effect.
A Teammate who works more than 10
hours in a work period is provided with a
second 30-minute meal period to start
within the first 10 hours of work, subject
> 10.0 2
to any meal period waiver in effect. The
meal period waiver will be invalidated if
the Teammate works more than 12
hours.
The Company does not pay non-exempt Teammates for meal periods, and consequently, non-
exempt Teammates must record the start and stop times of their meal periods.
Rest Periods
Non-exempt Teammates are authorized and permitted to take a 10-minute paid rest period for
every four hours worked, or major fraction thereof. Teammates are relieved of all of their duties
during rest periods and are allowed to leave the premises. The Company authorizes and permits
rest periods as follows:
Number of
Number of 10-
Hours Worked
Minute Rest Comments
in a Work
Periods
Period
A non-exempt Teammate who works less than
0 to < 3.5 0 3.5 hours in a work period is not entitled to a rest
period.
A non-exempt Teammate who works 3.5 to 6
3.5 to < 6 1 hours in a work period is entitled to one 10-
minute rest period.
A non-exempt Teammate who works more than
6 hours in a work period but who does not work
> 6.0 to < 10.0 2
more than 10 hours in a work period is entitled
to two 10-minute rest periods.
A non-exempt Teammate who works more than
10 hours in a work period but who does not work
> 10.0 to < 14.0 3
more than 14 hours in a work period is entitled
to three 10-minute rest periods.
** Non-exempt Teammates who work more than 14 hours in a work period may
be entitled to additional rest periods.
Whenever practicable, rest periods should be taken near the middle of each four-hour work
period. Teammates may not accumulate rest periods or use rest periods as a basis for starting
work late, leaving work early, or extending a meal period.
Because rest periods are paid, non-exempt Teammates should not clock out for them.
Responsibilities
Supervisors are responsible for administering their department’s meal and rest periods.
Any non-exempt Teammate who is not provided with a meal period or authorized and permitted
to take a rest period pursuant to the terms of this Policy is immediately entitled to a meal or rest
period premium. Supervisors will be responsible for authorizing meal or rest period premiums.
Any supervisor who knows or should reasonably know that a meal or rest period was not provided
in accordance with this Policy should arrange for a premium to issue to the Teammate.
Teammates are responsible for reporting to their supervisor any meal period that was not provided
or any rest period not authorized and permitted where the supervisor would have no reason to
otherwise know of this fact. Teammates who feel they are owed a premium as a result of this
Policy, but have not received the premium, should report the missing premium immediately to
their supervisor.
Lactation Accommodation
Teammates have the right to request lactation accommodation. The Company will provide a
reasonable amount of break time to accommodate a Teammate desiring to express breast milk
for the Teammate’s infant child each time the Teammate has need to express milk. If possible,
the lactation break time should run concurrently with scheduled meal and rest breaks already
provided to the Teammate. If the lactation break time cannot run concurrently with meal and rest
periods already provided or additional time is needed, the lactation break time will be unpaid for
non-exempt Teammates.
Teammates will be relieved of all work-related duties during any unpaid break. When unpaid
breaks or additional time are required, Teammates should work with their supervisor regarding
scheduling and reporting the extra break time.
Because exempt Teammates receive their full salary during weeks in which they work, all
exempt Teammates who need lactation accommodation breaks do not need to report any extra
break time as "unpaid."
The Company will provide Teammates with the use of a room or other location to express milk in
private. The lactation room or other location will not be a bathroom and will be safe, clean, free
from hazardous materials, in close proximity to the Teammate’s work area, shielded from view
and free from intrusion by co-workers and/or the public. This location may be the place where the
Teammate normally works, if applicable. The lactation room or other location will include a surface
on which to place a breast pump or other personal items, a place to sit and electricity or alternative
devices (e.g., an extension cord or charging station) needed to operate an electric or battery-
powered breast pump. Lactating Teammates who pump breastmilk will also have access to a sink
with running water and a refrigerator or alternative cooling device suitable for storing milk in close
proximity to their workspace.
A room or other location identified for lactation may also be used for other purposes. However,
during times when a Teammate is using the location for lactation purposes, that use will take
precedence over all other uses. Teammates who have questions or concerns related to lactation
room scheduling conflicts should contact their supervisor or a Human Resources representative.
Any non-exempt Teammate who is not provided with a break as requested to express milk, should
immediately contact.
Lactation is considered a pregnancy-related condition under California law.
Teammates who wish to request lactation accommodation should contact Human Resources If
the Company cannot provide break time or a location that complies with this Lactation
Accommodation policy, the Teammate requesting the accommodation will be notified in writing.
The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against a Teammate who requests or uses a
lactation accommodation in accordance with this policy or otherwise exercises their rights under
California’s lactation accommodation law. Teammates who feel their lactation accommodation
rights have been violated can file a complaint with the California Labor Commissioner’s Office.
Lactation Accommodation [San Francisco Teammates]
The Company complies with the San Francisco Lactation in the Workplace Ordinance (“LWO”)
and, in accordance with that law, will provide a reasonable amount of break time to accommodate
a Teammate who performs 56 or more hours of work in San Francisco in a calendar year and
wants to express breast milk for their children. Teammates needing breaks for lactation purposes
may use ordinary paid rest periods or may take other reasonable break time when needed. If
possible, the lactation break time should run concurrently with scheduled meal and rest breaks
already provided to the Teammate. If the lactation break time cannot run concurrently with meal
and rest periods already provided or additional time is needed, the lactation break time will be
unpaid for non-exempt Teammates.
Teammates will be relieved of all work-related duties during any unpaid break.
When unpaid breaks or additional time are required, Teammates should work with their supervisor
regarding scheduling and reporting the extra break time. The time a Teammate spends walking
to and from the designated lactation location and/or a refrigerator or sink will not be counted as
part of the Teammate’s break time.
Because exempt Teammates receive their full salary during weeks in which they work, all exempt
Teammates who need lactation accommodation breaks do not need to report any extra break
time as “unpaid.”
The Company will provide Teammates with the use of a room or a private area, other than a
bathroom or toilet stall, in close proximity to their work area that is shielded from view and free
from intrusion from co-workers and the public (the “Lactation Location”). The Lactation Location
may be the Teammate’s normal work area, if suitable. The Lactation Location will: be safe, clean
and free from toxic or hazardous materials; contain a surface (e.g., a table or shelf) to place a
breast pump and other personal items; contain a place to sit; and have access to electricity. The
Company will also provide access to a refrigerator where Teammates can store breast milk and
access to a sink with running water.
Teammates have a right to request lactation accommodation. To request a lactation
accommodation, Teammates should contact Human Resources. The Company will respond to a
request for accommodation within five business days and will engage in an interactive process
with the Teammate to determine the appropriate break periods and the Lactation Location for the
Teammate. If the Company denies a request for lactation accommodation, it will provide a written
statement identifying the reason(s) for doing so.
The Company prohibits retaliation against Teammates who request a lactation accommodation,
file a complaint, or otherwise report an alleged violation of the LWO, cooperate in an investigation
of an alleged violation of the LWO or inform another person about their rights under the LWO.
Lactation is considered a pregnancy-related condition under California law. The Company will
otherwise treat lactation as a pregnancy-related medical condition and address lactation-related
needs in the same manner that it addresses other non-incapacitating medical conditions,
including requested time off for medical appointments, requested changes in schedules and other
requested accommodations.
Family Friendly Workplace [San Francisco Teammates]
Teammates may request a flexible or predictable working arrangement to assist with caregiving
responsibilities when the Teammate is the primary contributor to the ongoing care for:
• A child or children under the age of 18 for whom the Teammate has assumed parental
responsibility;
• A person with a serious health condition in a family relationship with the Teammate; or
• A person who is age 65 or older and in a family relationship with the Teammate.
For the purposes of this policy:
• A "child" includes the Teammate’s biological, adopted or foster child, a stepchild, a legal
ward or a child of a person standing in loco parentis to that child.
• A "family relationship" is defined as a relationship in which a caregiver is related by blood,
legal custody, marriage or domestic partnership to another person as a spouse, domestic
partner, child, parent, sibling, grandchild or grandparent.
• A "flexible working arrangement" is a change in the Teammate’s regular working
arrangement that provides a Teammate with flexibility to help with caregiving
responsibilities.
• A "predictable working arrangement" is a change in the Teammate’s regular working
arrangement that provides a Teammate with scheduling predictability to help with
caregiving responsibilities. If there is insufficient work for the Teammate during the
predictable working arrangement period, the Teammate will not be paid during this time.
Teammate Eligibility
Teammates (including part-time Teammates) who (1) have been employed by the Company for
at least six months; and (2) regularly work at least eight hours per week for the Company within
the geographic boundaries of the City of San Francisco are eligible for a flexible or predictable
working arrangement.
For the purposes of this policy, telework (i.e., work for the Company from the Teammate’s
residence or another location that is not a Company office or worksite) is considered work within
the geographic boundaries of the City of San Francisco, if the Company maintains an office or
worksite within the geographic boundaries of the City of San Francisco at which the Teammate
may work or, prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, was permitted to work.
Requesting a Flexible or Predictable Working Arrangement
Teammates must provide notice of the need for a flexible or predictable working arrangement.
Notice must be in writing to Human Resources, although a Teammate can first provide notice
orally and then submit the notice in writing. The written request must specify the arrangement
being sought, the date on which the Teammate wishes the arrangement to become effective, and
the proposed duration of the arrangement, and must include an explanation of how the requested
arrangement relates to caregiving.
The flexible or predictable working arrangement may include, but is not limited to: modifying the
Teammate’s work assignments or duties or making a change in the Teammate’s terms and
conditions of employment as they relate to: the number of hours the Teammate is required to
work (e.g., part-time work, part-year employment or job-sharing arrangements); the Teammate’s
work schedule (e.g., modified hours, variable hours, predictable hours, or other schedule changes
or flexibilities); or the Teammate’s work location (e.g., telework). If a Teammate requests time off
as a flexible work arrangement under this policy, such time will also be designated under the
federal Family and Medical Leave Act, California Family Rights Act and/or any applicable paid
sick and safe leave law provided the eligibility requirements for that law are met and the
Teammate has not yet exhausted available leave under the applicable law(s).
The Company may require Teammates to attest to or provide verification of caregiver
responsibilities before granting a request for a flexible or predictable work arrangement.
Human Resources may meet with the Teammate within 14 days of the request and will respond
to the request in writing within 21 days of the Teammate’s oral or written notice. These time frames
may be extended by written agreement between the Company and the Teammate.
If the Company agrees to the requested flexible or predictable working arrangement, the
Company will confirm the arrangement in writing to the Teammate. Although the Company will
consider all flexible or predictable working arrangements submitted in accordance with this policy,
the Company reserves the right to deny a requested arrangement because it would cause an
undue hardship for the Company. Before denying a request, however, the Company will engage
in an interactive process with the Teammate to attempt in good faith to determine a flexible or
predictable work arrangement that is acceptable to the Company and the Teammate. If the
request is denied, the Company will explain the basis of the denial in a written response.
If a Teammate’s requested flexible or predictable working arrangement is denied, the Teammate
may submit a written request for reconsideration within 30 days of the decision. Human
Resources will meet with the Teammate within 21 days of receiving the request for
reconsideration and will inform the Teammate of the final decision in writing no later than 14 days
after the meeting.
A flexible or predictable working arrangement may be altered by mutual agreement between the
Company and the Teammate. If the Company determines that a flexible or predictable working
arrangement is causing the Company an undue hardship, the Company will engage in an
interactive process with the Teammate to attempt in good faith to determine a different flexible or
predictable working arrangement that would be acceptable to the Company and the Teammate.
If this interactive process does not result in identifying a different flexible or predictable working
arrangement, the Company may revoke the existing arrangement with 14 days’ written notice to
the Teammate.
Discrimination and Retaliation Prohibited
The Company prohibits discrimination against Teammate because of their caregiver status and
will not take adverse employment action (e.g., termination, demotion) or otherwise retaliate
against Teammate for exercising their rights under this policy or the San Francisco Family Friendly
Workplace Ordinance.
Supplemental Compensation for New Child Bonding [San Francisco]
Pursuant to the San Francisco Paid Parental Leave Ordinance ("SFPPLO"), the Company will
provide Supplemental Compensation to an eligible Teammate during employment when the
Teammate receives California Paid Family Leave ("California PFL") benefits from the State of
California ("the State") to bond with a minor child during the first year after the child’s birth or
placement through foster care or adoption.
All Teammates who perform work within San Francisco are eligible if they satisfy all of the
following requirements:
• The Teammate began employment with the Company at least 180 calendar days prior to
the first day of leave for which California PFL benefits for New Child Bonding are payable;
• The Teammate performs at least eight hours of work per week for the Company in San
Francisco;
• At least 40% of the Teammate’s total weekly hours worked for the Company are in San
Francisco; and
• The Teammate is eligible to receive paid family leave compensation under the California
Paid Family Leave law for the purpose of New Child Bonding.
Teammates can elect to receive California PFL benefits intermittently, receiving the eight weeks
of California PFL benefits in separate increments while taking leave during the 12-month period
following the birth or placement of a child. For Teammates using California PFL intermittently,
eligibility for Supplemental Compensation will be assessed at the beginning of each increment of
intermittent leave. Accordingly, a Teammate who does not meet the 180-day eligibility
requirement during the first increment of intermittent leave could still satisfy the requirement for
subsequent increments. In addition, a Teammate may become ineligible for Supplemental
Compensation if, between one intermittent receipt of California PFL benefits and the next, the
Teammate’s hours or work location change such that the Teammate no longer meets the eligibility
requirements.
Definitions
New Child Bonding: Bonding with the Teammate’s minor child during the 12-month period
immediately following the birth of the child or placement of the child, through adoption or foster
care, with the Teammate, for the period covered by the California PFL benefits law.
Maximum Weekly Benefit Amount: The Maximum Weekly Benefit Amount is determined by the
State by using the Teammate’s highest-earning calendar quarter during an approximate 12-
month base period.
Supplemental Compensation: Supplemental Compensation is a partial wage replacement that is
provided by the Company to an eligible Teammate during the period when the Teammate
receives California PFL benefits from the State for New Child Bonding. Supplemental
Compensation and California PFL benefits together will not to exceed 100% of a Teammate’s
weekly salary and are subject to the Maximum Weekly Benefit Amount.
Duration and Timing of Supplemental Compensation
A Teammate may receive Supplemental Compensation for a period of up to eight weeks so long
as the Teammate meets the eligibility, accrued vacation/PTO use, and documentation
requirements set forth in this policy. The timing of a Teammate’s receipt of Supplemental
Compensation will depend on when the Company receives information directly from the State or,
from the Teammate, a copy of the State’s Notice Computation and confirmation that the
Teammate has received the first California PFL benefits payment. Upon receipt of information
from the Teammate and/or the State that is necessary to process payment, the Company will
make a good faith effort to process the initial Supplemental Compensation payment in the next
full pay period. To the extent possible, any additional Supplemental Compensation payment(s)
will be processed in accordance with the Company’s established pay schedule. There may be
some situations where Supplemental Compensation is not paid to the Teammate until after the
Teammate has returned from new child bonding. In those cases, the Company will pay the total
Supplemental Compensation within thirty days of receiving the information required to process
payment.
Calculation of Supplemental Compensation
Under California’s PFL benefit program, a Teammate may receive income replacement from the
State equal to approximately 60% or 70% of the Teammate’s weekly wages, subject to the
Maximum Weekly Benefit Amount. Supplemental Compensation which includes up to two weeks
of accrued vacation/PTO as outlined in this policy is provided to an eligible Teammate so that, in
combination with the California PFL benefit, the eligible Teammate may receive approximately
100% of the Teammate’s weekly wages, subject to the Maximum Weekly Benefit Amount. All
payments will be integrated so that an eligible Teammate will receive no greater compensation
than their regular compensation during this period.
The State sets a ceiling on the amount a Teammate receiving California PFL benefits can be
assumed to earn. This ceiling is also applied to Supplemental Compensation. In the case of an
eligible Teammate whose weekly wages exceed the ceiling, Supplemental Compensation will not
be calculated to reach 100% of the Teammate’s normal gross weekly wage. Rather, the amount
of Supplemental Compensation will be subject to the ceiling and will be calculated based on the
gross wage obtained by dividing the State’s Maximum Weekly Benefit Amount by the percentage
rate of wage replacement provided under the California PFL benefit law.
The Company will determine the amount of weekly Supplemental Compensation to be paid to an
eligible Teammate once the necessary information regarding California PFL benefits is obtained
from the Teammate or the State. Any increases in a Teammate’s regular compensation will not
necessarily result in an increase in Supplemental Compensation. However, the Company may
recalculate the amount of Supplemental Compensation provided to a Teammate in situations
where the Teammate’s leave is intermittent, and the Teammate’s weekly wages decrease
between the time the Teammate receives the first increment of PFL benefits and any subsequent
period where the benefits are received for the same leave. This will be done to ensure the
Teammate does not exceed 100% of the Teammate’s weekly wage and is not subject to an
overpayment charge from the State.
During the period when eligible Teammates are receiving California PFL benefits, the Company
requires them to agree to use up to two weeks of accrued, but unused, vacation benefits that will
be applied toward the Company’s Supplemental Compensation obligation under the law. If the
Teammate does not agree to use vacation benefits during the California PFL period, the Company
will not be obligated to provide Supplemental Compensation. A Teammate’s decision not to allow
use of vacation benefits will not prevent the Teammate from being eligible for leave or from
receiving California PFL benefits.
Involuntary Separation from Employment
If a Teammate is involuntarily separated from employment during the New Child Bonding period,
the Company will continue to provide Supplemental Compensation for that period during which
the Teammate continues to receive California Paid Family Leave benefits.
Voluntary Separation from Employment
If a Teammate voluntarily separates from employment with the Company within 90 days of the
end of the California PFL period for New Child Bonding, the Teammate will be required to
reimburse the Company for the full amount of Supplemental Compensation paid to them, upon
receiving a written request for reimbursement from the Company.
Required Documentation for Supplemental Compensation
A Teammate must provide (or agree to provide) certain documentation and information to the
Company before the Teammate will be able to receive Supplemental Compensation. Prior to
receiving any Supplemental Compensation, a Teammate must either: (1) provide the Company
with a copy of the Notice of Computation of PFL Benefits the Teammate receives from the State;
or (2) authorize the State to disclose the Teammate’s California PFL weekly benefit amount to
the Company, at the time when the Teammate applies for California PFL benefits. A Teammate
may choose to do both 1 and 2 in order to help avoid potential delays in calculating Supplemental
Compensation.
If a Teammate chooses option 1, the Teammate must, upon receipt, provide the Company with
the Notice of Computation and also upon receipt of the first California PFL benefits payment,
submit a copy of the Notice of Payment.
Teammates must also complete a San Francisco Paid Parental Leave form (the “SFPPLO Form”).
In Section 3 of the SFPPLO Form, Teammates must execute an agreement to reimburse the full
amount of Supplemental Compensation received from the Company in the event that they
voluntarily separate from employment under the circumstances described in the Voluntary
Separation from Employment section above.
Teammates with more than one employer must also complete section 4 of the SFPPLO Form by
providing information pertaining to wages received from all employers during the 90 days prior to
the California PFL period.
Teammates who are receiving California PFL benefits for intermittent new child bonding leave
must provide the Company with the schedule of intermittent leave they have submitted to the
State and notify the Company of any changes in that schedule.
Teammates who fail to provide any or all of the required documentation will be disqualified from
receiving Supplemental Compensation.
Protected Rights
The Company will not interfere with, restrain, or deny the exercise of or the attempt to exercise,
any right protected under the SFPPLO. Such rights include but are not limited to the right to
Supplemental Compensation pursuant to the SFPPLO; the right to file a complaint or inform any
person about any employer’s alleged violation of the SFPPLO; the right to cooperate with the San
Francisco Office of Labor Standards in its investigations of alleged violations of the SFPPLO; and
the right to inform any person of their possible rights under the SFPPLO.
Supplemental Compensation for Military Leave [San Francisco]
Pursuant to the San Francisco Military Leave Pay Protection Act (MLPPA), the Company will
provide Supplemental Compensation to covered Teammates during a qualifying military leave for
up to 30 days in a calendar year.
Teammates who perform work within the geographic boundaries of San Francisco, including part-
time and temporary Teammates, are eligible for Supplemental Compensation for military leave if
they are a member of the reserve corps of the United States Armed Forces, National Guard, or
other U.S. uniformed service organization, and are absent from work for “military duty.” For
purposes of this policy, “military duty” is defined as active military service in response to the
September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, international terrorism, the conflict in Iraq, or related
extraordinary circumstances, or military service to provide medical or logistical support to federal,
state, or local government responses to the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters, or
engagement in military duty ordered for the purposes of military training, drills, encampment,
naval cruises, special exercises, Emergency State Active Duty, or like activity. Teammates are
required to comply with the Company’s reasonable notice procedures when the need for leave to
perform military duty is foreseeable. The Company will not require, as a condition of receiving
Supplemental Compensation, that a Teammate search for or find a replacement worker to cover
the hours during which the Teammate is on leave for military duty.
Calculating Supplemental Compensation
For purposes of this policy, “Supplemental Compensation” means the difference between the
amount of the Teammate’s “gross military pay” and the amount of gross pay the Teammate would
have received from the Company, had the Teammate worked their regular work schedule
(excluding overtime unless regularly scheduled as part of the Teammate’s regular work schedule).
Gross military pay does not include Military Pay Allowances, such as combat, clothing, housing,
or aviation. “Gross pay” includes wages for hours the Teammate would have worked (including
overtime if the Teammate was regularly scheduled for overtime), as well as all benefits, including
health care, retirement, and profit-sharing benefits. In no case will Supplemental Compensation
result in a Teammate receiving greater pay than they would have received if they had worked
their regular work schedule rather than taken leave for military duty.
Duration and Timing of Supplemental Compensation
A Teammate may receive Supplemental Compensation for a period of up 30 days in a calendar
year so long as the Teammate meets the eligibility requirements. Leave for military duty with
Supplemental Compensation can be taken in daily increments for one or more days at a time, for
up to 30 days in a calendar year. The Company will make a good faith effort to provide the
Supplemental Compensation no later than the payday for the payroll period when the Teammate’s
military leave begins.
Documentation for Supplemental Compensation
To enable the Company to properly calculate an eligible Teammate’s Supplemental
Compensation, the eligible Teammate should provide the Company with their written military
orders and a current military Leave and Earnings Statement (LES). Teammates should also verify
the LES correctly reflects the Teammate’s current gross military pay as military compensation is
subject to change based on a number of factors.
In the absence of such documentation, the Company will request that the Teammate provide their
military rank and total number of years of military service to enable the Company to use the
Defense Finance Accounting Service’s current basic pay rate chart to calculate gross military pay.
Repayment of Supplemental Compensation
Teammates who receive Supplemental Compensation and are fit for employment in their previous
positions upon release from military duty, but who fail to return to their positions within 60 days of
release from military service, may be required to repay an amount, up to the entire amount, of the
Supplemental Compensation that they received from the Company with interest. In these
situations, the Company will treat already-provided Supplemental Compensation as a loan
payable with interest. Any loan taken by the Company against the Teammate to recoup previously
paid Supplemental Compensation will be repaid in equal monthly installments with interest over
a period not to exceed five years. Loan repayments will begin either 90 days after the Teammate
was released from military service or when the Teammate is determined to be fit for employment
and fails to return to their position, whichever is later.
Protected Rights
The Company will not interfere with, restrain, or deny the exercise of or the attempt to exercise,
any right protected under the MLPPA. Such rights include but are not limited to the right to
Supplemental Compensation pursuant to the MLPPA; the right to file a complaint or inform any
person about the Company’s or any other employer’s alleged violation of the MLPPA; the right to
cooperate with the San Francisco Office of Labor Standards Enforcement in its investigations of
alleged violations of the MLPPA; and the right to inform any person of their possible rights under
the MLPPA.
Public Health Emergency Leave [San Francisco]
The Company provides San Francisco Paid Health Emergency Leave (“SFPHEL”) to eligible
Teammates in compliance with San Francisco’s Public Health Emergency Leave Ordinance (the
“Ordinance”) in accordance with Proposition G/Article 33P. All Teammates (including full-time,
part-time and temporary Teammates) who work in San Francisco are eligible to receive SFPHEL
from the Company.
Amount of SFPHEL
On January 1 of each year, eligible Teammates will be provided up to eighty (80) hours of
SFPHEL as follows:
• Teammates with a full-time, regular, or fixed schedule will be provided an amount of
SFPHEL equal to the number of hours the Teammate regularly works or takes paid leave
over a two-week period.
• Eligible Teammates whose weekly hours vary will be provided an amount of SFPHEL
equal to the average number of hours over a two-week period that the Teammate worked
or took paid leave during the previous calendar year, or since the beginning of employment
if the Teammate became employed after the first day of the previous calendar year.
If a Teammate was not employed on January 1 of a given year, then on the start date of the first
public health emergency that begins during the Teammate’s employment, eligible Teammates will
be provided up to eighty (80) hours of SFPHEL as follows:
• Teammates with a full-time, regular, or fixed schedule will be provided an amount of
SFPHEL equal to the number of hours the Teammate regularly works or takes paid leave
over a two-week period.
• Teammates whose weekly hours vary will be provided an amount of SFPHEL equal to the
average number of hours over a two-week period that the Teammate worked or took paid
leave during the previous six months, or since the Teammate’s start date if the Teammate
has been employed for fewer than six months.
SFPHEL that remains unused at the end of the calendar year will be lost and will not carry over
from one year to the next.
Using SFPHEL
Eligible Teammates may use SFPHEL during a public health emergency3 if they cannot work (or
telework) due to one of the following reasons:
• The recommendations or requirements of an individual or general federal, state, or local
health order (including an order issued by the local jurisdiction in which a Teammate or a
family member for whom the Teammate is caring resides) related to the public health
emergency.
• The Teammate has been advised by a healthcare provider to isolate or quarantine.
• The Teammate is experiencing symptoms of and seeking a medical diagnosis, or has
received a positive medical diagnosis, for a possible infectious, contagious, or
communicable disease associated with the public health emergency.
• The Teammate is caring for a covered family member who is subject to an individual or
general federal, state, or local health order (including an order issued by the local
jurisdiction in which a Teammate resides), has been advised by a healthcare provider to
isolate or quarantine, or is experiencing symptoms as described in the bullet point above.
• The Teammate is caring for a covered family member if the school or place of care of the
family member has been closed, or the care provider of such family member is
unavailable, due to the public health emergency.
3 A public health emergency means a “local or statewide health emergency related to any contagious, infectious, or
communicable disease, declared by the City’s local health officer or the state health officer pursuant to the California
Health and Safety Code, or an Air Quality Emergency.”
• An air quality emergency4, if the Teammate primarily works outdoors and is a member of
a “vulnerable population” (a person who has been diagnosed with heart or lung disease;
has respiratory problems including but now limited to asthma, emphysema, and chronic
obstructive pulmonary disease; is pregnant; or is age 60 or older).
For purposes of this policy, a “family member” includes the Teammate’s child; parent; legal
guardian or ward; sibling; grandparent; grandchild; spouse; registered domestic partner under
any state or local law, or the Teammate’s designated person.
SFPHEL may be taken in one (1) hour increments of time.
SFPHEL is available to newly hired eligible Teammates for immediate use, in accordance with
this policy.
Requesting SFPHEL
Teammates must notify the Company of their need to use SFPHEL—either orally or in writing —
as soon as practicable.
The Company may require a doctor’s note or other documentation to confirm the Teammate’s
status as a member of a vulnerable population. The Company reserves the right to require
documentation to verify a Teammate’s need for SFPHEL under other circumstances to the extent
permitted by applicable law.
For non-exempt Teammates, SFPHEL pay will be calculated in the same manner as the regular
rate of pay for the workweek in which the Teammate uses SFPHEL, whether or not the Teammate
actually works overtime in that workweek. For exempt Teammates, payment for SFPHEL is
calculated in the same manner as wages are calculated for other forms of paid leave time.
Discipline for Unprotected Use of SFPHEL
Discipline – up to and including termination – may be taken against a Teammate who uses
SFPHEL for a purpose not covered by, or in a manner not consistent with, the Ordinance.
Discipline – up to and including termination – may be taken against a Teammate who violates this
policy’s requirements concerning requesting, using, recording, verifying, and/or documenting use
of SFPHEL.
SFPHEL is separate from, and does not affect or limit, any existing paid leave benefits provided
to Teammates under other Company policies or applicable law, including but not limited to
vacation and paid sick leave under California’s Healthy Workplaces, Healthy Families Act and the
San Francisco Paid Sick Leave Ordinance. Teammates remain eligible to use any available and
applicable paid leave benefits. SFPHEL may be used prior to or in lieu of using any other vacation
or paid sick leave.
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for their own or a family
member’s medical conditions under certain federal, state and municipal laws. It is a Teammate's
responsibility to apply for any applicable benefits for which the Teammate may be eligible as a
4 An Air Quality Emergency means a day when the Bay Area Air Quality Management District issues a Spare the Air
Alert.
result of the illness or disability, including California State Disability Insurance, workers'
compensation insurance, paid family leave benefits and/or any other disability insurance benefits.
If a Teammate elects to integrate SFPHEL with other paid benefits, the Company will integrate all
paid benefits such that a Teammate will not be paid more than their regular compensation at any
time.
Unused SFPHEL is not paid out upon the Teammate’s separation from employment for any
reason.
The Company prohibits discrimination and/or retaliation against Teammates who request or use
SFPHEL for qualifying reasons consistent with the provisions of this policy and applicable law. So
long as the Notice provisions outlined above are followed, the Company will not count a
Teammate’s use of SFPHEL as an absence or “occurrence” under any Company attendance
policy. Therefore, any such use of SFPHEL will not lead to or result in discipline, demotion,
suspension or termination.
The Company will not retaliate, or tolerate retaliation, against any Teammate who seeks or
obtains PHEL in accordance with this policy, who makes a good-faith complaint about a violation
under the Ordinance or who communicates with any person about such a violation. In addition,
the Company will not retaliate against any Teammate
Injury and Illness Prevention Program
The health and safety of Teammates and others on Company property are of critical concern to
the Company. We strive to attain the highest possible level of safety in all activities and operations.
The Company also intends to comply with all health and safety laws applicable to our business.
To this end, the Company must rely upon Teammates to help keep work areas safe and free of
hazardous conditions. Teammates should be conscientious about workplace safety, including
proper operating methods and known dangerous conditions or hazards. You should report any
unsafe conditions or potential hazards to your supervisor immediately; even if you believe you
have corrected the problem. If you suspect a concealed danger is present on the Company’s
premises, or in a product, facility, piece of equipment, process, or business practice for which the
Company is responsible, bring it to the attention of your supervisor immediately.
Additionally, the Company has developed a written Injury and Illness Prevention Program as
required by law. A copy of the Program is available for your review from Human Resources. In
addition to attending any training required by the Company, it is your responsibility to read,
understand and observe the Injury and Illness Prevention Program provisions applicable to your
job. Any workplace injury, accident, or illness must be reported to your supervisor as soon as
possible (within 24 hours), regardless of the severity of the injury or accident. If medical attention
is required immediately, supervisors will assist Teammates in obtaining medical care, after which
the details of the injury or accident must be reported.
Day of Rest
In each workweek, the Company will provide Teammates with at least one day of rest for every
seven days within the workweek unless their total hours worked are 30 hours or less in the
workweek and six hours or fewer every day of the workweek. If the nature of the Teammate’s
work reasonably requires that the Teammate work seven or more consecutive days, the day of
rest requirement may be met by providing an average of one day’s rest for every seven days on
a monthly basis (e.g., four days of rest per calendar month). A Teammate may also independently
and voluntarily choose and confirm in writing not to take a day of rest. Day of Rest Confirmation
Forms are available from Human Resources.
This policy does not apply in cases of emergency or to work performed in the protection of life or
property from loss or destruction.
The Company will reasonably accommodate the observance of a Sabbath or other religious holy
day by Teammates, unless doing so would result in undue hardship to the conduct of Company
business. Teammates will be paid for all hours worked in compliance with federal, state and local
law.
California State Disability Insurance
California Teammates who are temporarily disabled by a non-work-related injury or illness (including
disability due to pregnancy) may be eligible to receive benefits through the California State Disability
Insurance (SDI) program. Teammates may also be eligible for SDI if they return to work on a
reduced basis while recovering from a disability, if they are transferred to a lower-paying job position
due to their disability, or when they are receiving temporary workers’ compensation at a rate less
than the daily SDI benefit amount. To be eligible for SDI benefits, Teammates must have earned
at least $300 from which SDI deductions were withheld during their base period (generally, the 12
months prior to the quarter in which the claim is made).
SDI benefits are not paid during the first seven consecutive days of any period of disability. SDI
benefits begin on the eighth consecutive day of a disability and may continue being paid up to a
maximum of 52 weeks or the amount of wages earned in the Teammate’s base period for
calculating benefits, whichever is less. The weekly benefit amount is generally 60 to 70 percent of
the Teammate’s earnings (depending upon the Teammate’s income), with benefits capped
according to a state-imposed maximum weekly benefits amount.
Teammates will generally not be eligible to receive SDI benefits if they are receiving workers’
compensation, permanent disability, or unemployment. Teammates cannot collect both SDI
benefits and California Paid Family Leave (PFL) benefits concurrently. However, Teammates may
use any accrued but unused vacation or sick leave prior to receiving SDI benefits. Teammates may
also choose to use accrued but unused vacation or sick leave to supplement SDI benefits received;
if the Teammate chooses to do so, the Company will integrate all paid benefits so that the
Teammate will not be paid more than their regular compensation at any time.
The SDI benefits described in this policy are a state-provided partial wage replacement benefit, not
a protected leave of absence. Teammates are required to obtain approval for a leave of absence
by contacting their supervisor or the Human Resources department and complying with applicable
eligibility, notice, and certification requirements when required by Company policy or applicable law.
When applicable, SDI benefits may be used concurrently with leave time available under the
California Family Rights Act, the federal Family and Medical Leave Act, and any other applicable
law.
Teammates must file their claim for SDI benefits between 9 and 49 days after becoming disabled.
Teammates will also be required to provide certification of the disability from a health care
provider. Teammates may file a claim for SDI benefits with the California Employment Development
Department through SDI Online.
Family Leave Insurance
Teammates may be eligible for up to eight weeks of state-provided paid family leave (PFL)
insurance benefits when they take time off for one of the following purposes:
• To bond with a child during the first 12 months after the child’s birth or after the placement
of a child for adoption or foster care with the Teammate;
• To care for an immediate family member (spouse, registered domestic partner, child,
parent, grandparent, grandchild, sibling and parent-in-law defined by the PFL law) who is
seriously ill and requires care; or
• To participate in a qualifying exigency related to the covered active duty or call to covered
active duty of the Teammate’s spouse, domestic partner, child or parent in the U.S. Armed
Forces.
The PFL benefits described in this policy are a state-provided partial wage replacement benefit,
not a protected leave of absence. To obtain approval for a leave of absence for the reasons set
forth above, Teammates must contact Human Resources and comply with applicable eligibility,
notice, and certification requirements when required by state or federal law
Amount and Duration of Benefits
The weekly benefit amount is generally 60 or 70 percent of the Teammate’s earnings (depending
upon the Teammate’s income), with benefits capped according to a state-imposed maximum
weekly benefits amount. Teammates may receive up to eight weeks of PFL benefits during a 12-
month period but may not receive more benefits than earned in wages during the base period for
calculating benefits (generally, the 12 months prior to the quarter in which the claim is made).
When applicable, PFL benefits will run concurrently with leave time available under the California
Family Rights Act and the federal Family and Medical Leave Act. Teammates may use any
accrued but unused sick leave prior to receiving PFL benefits.
Bereavement Leave
Eligible Teammates may take up to five days of unpaid bereavement leave for the death of a
spouse, domestic partner, child, parent, parent-in-law, sibling, grandparent, or grandchild. To be
eligible for bereavement leave, Teammates must have been employed by the Company for at
least 30 days immediately preceding the start of the leave. Bereavement leave days need not be
taken consecutively, but bereavement leave must be completed within three months of the date
of death of the family member.
Bereavement leave under this policy will run concurrently with the Bereavement Leave policy in
the main Handbook and is unpaid except as set forth in that policy. A Teammate may use
vacation, personal leave, accrued and available sick leave, or compensatory time off that is
otherwise available to the Teammate. If the Company requests documentation of the death of the
family member, documentation must be provided within 30 days of the first day of the leave.
Acceptable documentation includes, but is not limited to, a death certificate, a published obituary,
or written verification of death, burial, or memorial services from a mortuary, funeral home, burial
society, crematorium, religious institution, or governmental agency. Such documentation will be
maintained as confidential and will not be disclosed except to internal personnel or counsel, as
necessary, or as required by law.
The Company will not refuse to hire or discharge, demote, fine, suspend, expel, or discriminate
against an individual because the individual exercised the right to bereavement leave provided
by this policy or gave information or testimony as to their own bereavement leave, or another
person’s bereavement leave, in an inquiry or proceeding related to rights guaranteed under
California’s bereavement leave law. Further, the Company will not interfere with, restrain, or deny
the exercise of, or the attempt to exercise, any right provided under California’s bereavement
leave law.