COLORADO SUPPLEMENT
Program to Deter Harassment, Discrimination, and Other Unfair Employment Practices
The Company has established a program designed to prevent harassment, discrimination,
retaliation, and other unfair employment practices, deter future harassers, and protect
Teammates from harassment, which is set forth in the Handbook. Under this program, any
Teammate who believes they have been harassed, discriminated against, subjected to retaliation
by a co-worker, supervisor, agent, client, vendor or customer of the Company or otherwise
subjected to any unfair employment practice based on a protected class, or who is aware of
harassment, discrimination, retaliation or an unfair employment practice based on a protected
class against others, should immediately provide a written or verbal report to their supervisor, any
other member of management or to Human Resources to report such incidents. After a report is
received, management will undertake prompt, reasonable action to investigate or address the
alleged harassing, discriminatory, retaliatory, or unfair employment practices. If warranted,
management may issue prompt, reasonable remedial action in response to complaints of
discriminatory or unfair employment practices.
Pregnancy Accommodation
Teammates and applicants for employment may request a reasonable accommodation for
pregnancy, physical recovery from childbirth or related health conditions. A reasonable
accommodation that would enable the Teammate or applicant to perform the essential functions
of their job will be provided unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the
company’s business operations.
Reasonable accommodations may include but are not limited to: more frequent or longer breaks;
more frequent restroom, food or water breaks; acquisition or modification of equipment or seating;
limitations on lifting; temporary transfer to a less strenuous or hazardous position, if available,
with return to the current position following pregnancy; job restructuring; light duty, if available;
assistance with manual labor; or a modified work schedule. The Company may require that
Teammates provide a certification from a licensed health care provider regarding the medical
necessity of a reasonable accommodation.
Teammates who have questions about this policy or who wish to request a reasonable
accommodation under this policy should contact their Human Resources representative.
Meal and Rest Breaks
Nonexempt Teammates who work five or more consecutive hours will be provided at least one
30-minute meal break. To the extent practical, meal breaks will be provided at least one hour after
the start and one hour before the end of the Teammate’s shift. During the break, Teammates will
be relieved of all duties. An uninterrupted 30-minute meal break will be unpaid. If the nature of a
Teammate’s job or circumstances makes an uninterrupted meal break impracticable, the
Teammate will be allowed an on-duty meal break without any loss of time or compensation.
All nonexempt Teammates must record their meal breaks.
Nonexempt Teammates will also be permitted a 10-minute rest break for every four hours of work,
in accordance with the schedule below:
# of 10-
Duration of Shift Minute
Comments
In Hours Rest
Breaks
Teammates who work less than two hours in a
0 to < 2 0 workday are not required or permitted to take a rest
break.
Teammates who work at least two hours in a workday
2 to < 6 1 but less than six hours in a workday are allowed one
10-minute rest break.
Teammates who work at least six hours in a workday
6.0 to < 10.0 2 but less than 10 hours in a workday are allowed two
10-minute rest breaks.
Teammates who work at least 10 hours in a workday
10.0 to < 14.0 3 but less than 14 hours in a workday are allowed three
10-minute rest breaks.
To the extent practical, rest periods will be provided in the middle of each four-hour work period.
Teammates who are unable to take all of the meal or rest breaks to which they are entitled in
accordance with this policy, or who have been prevented or discouraged from taking a break to
which they are entitled under this policy, should immediately notify a Human Resources
representative. The Company will not threaten, coerce, discriminate or otherwise retaliate against
any Teammate who reports a violation of this policy or files a claim or participates in an
investigation, hearing or other process or proceeding related to an alleged violation of federal or
state wage and hour laws.
Additional Information
A Colorado Overtime and Minimum Pay Standards Order (COMPS Order #39) Poster is available
here.
Overtime
Nonexempt Teammates will be paid one and one-half times their regular rate of pay for any work
in excess of: (1) 40 hours per week; (2) 12 hours per workday; or (3) 12 consecutive hours without
regard to the starting and ending time of the workday (excluding duty-free meal breaks),
whichever calculation results in the greatest payment of wages.
For additional information, a Colorado Overtime and Minimum Pay Standards Order (COMPS
Order #39) Poster is attached to this Handbook.
Paid Sick and Safe Leave and Public Health Emergency Leave
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick and safe leave (“PSSL”) and public
health emergency leave (“PHEL”) in accordance with the requirements of Colorado’s Healthy
Families and Workplaces Act (“HFWA”).
Eligibility
Colorado Teammates are eligible to accrue PSSL and may receive additional leave for use during
a public health emergency (as defined further below).
Accrual and Use of Paid Sick and Safe Leave (“PSSL”)
Eligible Teammates will begin to accrue PSSL on their date of hire. PSSL accrues at a rate of one
hour for every 30 hours worked, up to a maximum accrual of 48 hours in a single calendar year
(the “Benefit Year”). Exempt Teammates accrue PSSL based on their normal hours worked, up
to a maximum of 40 hours per week.
PSSL can be used as it is accrued. However, the Company may verify Teammate hours within
the month after work is performed and adjust PSSL accrual amounts to correct any inaccuracy.
The Company will notify Teammates in writing of any such change in accrued PSSL amounts.
PSSL may be used in one-hour increments. Eligible Teammates may use up to 48 hours of PSSL
in any Benefit Year.
Failure to use PSSL in good faith and for the reasons specified in this policy can result in
discipline.
Reasons PSSL May be Used
Eligible Teammates may use PSSL for the following reasons:
• When a mental or physical illness, injury or health condition prevents the Teammate from
working;
• To care for a family member who has a mental or physical illness, injury or health
condition;
• To obtain a medical diagnosis, care or treatment of a mental or physical illness, injury or
health condition of the Teammate or Teammate’s family member;
• To obtain preventive medical care for the Teammate or Teammate’s family member;
• To grieve, attend funeral services or a memorial, or deal with financial and legal matters
that arise after the death of a family member;
• If the Teammate or a family member is the victim of domestic abuse, sexual assault or
harassment and needs leave to:
Seek medical attention to recover from a mental or physical illness, injury or health
o
condition caused by the domestic abuse, sexual assault or harassment;
Obtain services from a victim services organization;
o
Obtain mental health or other counseling;
o
Seek relocation due to the domestic abuse, sexual assault or harassment; or
o
Seek legal services, including preparing for or participating in a civil or criminal
o
proceeding relating to or resulting from the domestic abuse, sexual assault or
harassment.
• To care for a family member whose school or place of care has been closed due to
inclement weather, loss of power, loss of heating, loss of water or other unexpected
occurrence or event that results in the closure of the family member’s school or place of
care;
• To evacuate their place of residence due to inclement weather, loss of power, loss of
heating, loss of water or other unexpected occurrence or event that results in the
Teammate’s need to evacuate their residence;
• When, due to a public health emergency (as defined below), a public official has ordered
the closure of:
The Teammate’s place of business; or
o
The school or place of care of the Teammate’s child and the Teammate needs to
o
be absent from work to care for their child.
For purposes of this policy, a “family member” means:
• A Teammate’s immediate family member (i.e., a person related by blood, marriage, civil
union or adoption);
• A child to whom the Teammate stands in loco parentis;
• A person who stood in loco parentis to the Teammate when the Teammate was a minor;
or
• A person for whom the Teammate is responsible for providing or arranging health-or
safety-related care.
Requesting PSSL
The Company will allow use of PSSL for a covered use upon request. Requests can be made
orally or in writing (including electronically). When possible, Teammates should include the
expected duration of the absence in their request for leave.
When the need for PSSL is foreseeable, Teammates must make a good faith effort to provide
advance notice of the need for leave and a reasonable effort to schedule the leave in a manner
that does not unduly disrupt the Company’s operations. To provide this advance notice of the
foreseeable need to use PSSL, Teammates should contact their Human Resources
representative.
Teammates are not required to search for or find a replacement worker to cover the hours during
which they are using PSSL. The Company will not count Teammates’ use of PSSL in compliance
with this policy as an absence when evaluating absenteeism. Therefore, any such use
of PSSL will not lead to or result in discipline, demotion, suspension, or termination.
Documentation of PSSL
If PSSL is for four or more consecutive workdays (meaning at least four consecutive days that
the Teammate would ordinarily have worked), the Company may request that Teammates
provide reasonable documentation that the PSSL is being used for a permissible purpose. If the
documentation submitted by the Teammate is not sufficient, the Company will notify the
Teammate of the deficiency. The Teammate will then have seven days to provide documentation
that cures the deficiency.
The Company will not require the disclosure of details regarding a Teammate’s or Teammate’s
family member’s health information or the domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking that is
the basis for the request for leave.
Carryover of PSSL
Teammates can carry over up to 48 hours of accrued but unused PSSL from one Benefit Year to
the next, but with an overall cap of 48 hours of PSSL per Benefit Year. Therefore, once a
Teammate has a bank of 48 hours of PSSL in a Benefit Year, no additional PSSL will accrue in
that year.
The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual PSSL.
Public Health Emergency Leave
In addition to the PSSL described above, Teammates will be eligible to take supplemental PHEL
in accordance with the terms below.
For purposes of this policy, a “public health emergency is:
1. An act of bioterrorism, a pandemic influenza, or an epidemic caused by a novel and
highly infectious agent, for which (1) an emergency is declared by a federal, state, or
local public health agency, or (2) a disaster emergency is declared by the Governor;
or
2. A highly infectious illness or agent with epidemic or pandemic potential for which a
disaster emergency is declared by the Governor.
On the day a public health emergency is declared, Teammates will immediately be able to access
a one-time supplement of PHEL in addition to whatever amount of PSSL Teammates have
accrued prior to the declaration of the public health emergency. Teammates who normally work
forty or more hours in a week will have access to up to 80 hours of total paid leave. Teammates
who normally work fewer than 40 hours per week will have access to paid leave equaling the
greater of the number of hours the Teammate (a) is scheduled for work or paid leave in the
fourteen-day period after the leave request, or (b) actually worked in the fourteen-day period prior
to the declaration of the public health emergency or the leave request (whichever is later).
From the declaration of a public health emergency until four weeks after the official termination or
suspension of the emergency declaration, PHEL can be used for any of the following reasons:
• To self-isolate and care for oneself or a family member who is self-isolating because the
Teammate or family member is diagnosed with, or experiencing symptoms of, a
communicable illness that is the cause of a of a public health emergency;
• To seek or obtain for oneself or care for family member who needs a medical diagnosis,
care, or treatment if experiencing symptoms of a communicable illness that is the cause
of a public health emergency;
• To seek for oneself or a family member preventive care concerning a communicable
illness that is the cause of a public health emergency;
• A Teammate is unable to work because the Teammate has a health condition that may
increase susceptibility to or risk of communicable illness that is the cause of the public
health emergency;
• Either the Company or a public health authority with appropriate jurisdiction determines
that a Teammate’s presence on the job or in the community would jeopardize the health
of others because of the individual’s exposure to a communicable illness that is the cause
of a public health emergency or because the individual is exhibiting symptoms of such a
communicable illness, regardless of whether the individual has been diagnosed with the
illness;
• To care for a family member after either the family member’s employer or a public health
authority with appropriate authority determines that the family member’s presence on the
job or in the community would jeopardize the health of others because of the family
member’s exposure to a communicable illness that is the cause of a public health
emergency or because the family member is exhibiting symptoms of such a communicable
illness, regardless of whether the family member has been diagnosed with the illness;
• To care for a child or other family member when their child care provider is unavailable
due to a public health emergency or their school or place of care has been closed due to
a public health emergency (including when the school or place of care is physically closed
but providing instruction remotely).
PHEL will become available on the date a public health emergency is declared and will remain
available until four weeks after the official termination or suspension of the public health
emergency. Teammates are only eligible for these amounts of PHEL one time during the entirety
of a public health emergency (even if the public health emergency is extended, amended, restated
or prolonged).
During a public health emergency, Teammates will continue to accrue PSSL in accordance with
this policy. If Teammates have unused, accrued leave when a need for PHEL occurs, an employer
can count the accrued leave as a “credit” toward the total amount of PHEL it must provide.
However, Teammates are allowed to use PHEL before using accrued leave.
When the need for PHEL is foreseeable and the workplace has not been closed, Teammates
must notify the Company of the need for PHEL as soon as practicable. To provide notice of the
need to use PHEL, Teammates should contact Human Resources.
Rate of Pay
PSSL and PHEL are paid at the same hourly rate or salary (not including overtime, bonuses or
holiday pay) and with the same benefits, including health care benefits, as the Teammate normally
earns during hours worked. Leave will be paid on the same schedule as regular wages.
The pay rate for leave will be at least the applicable minimum wage. The pay rate will be calculated
based upon the Teammate’s pay over the 30 calendar days prior to taking leave. If a Teammate
has not yet worked 30 calendar days, the longest available period will be used.
Teammate Records Requests
Upon a Teammate’s request, the Company will provide (in writing or electronically) documentation
indicating the current amount of PSSL and/or PHEL available for use and the amount of such
leave already used during the current Benefit Year. Teammates will be allowed to make one such
request per month, except they may make an additional request when any need for PSSL or
PHEL arises.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for issues related to public health emergencies or domestic abuse, sexual assault or harassment
under certain federal, state and local laws. In certain situations leave under this policy may run at
the same time as leave available under another federal, state or local law, provided eligibility
requirements for that law are met. The Company is committed to complying with all applicable
laws. Teammates should contact their Human Resources representative for information about
other federal, state and local medical, victim, public health emergency or family leave rights.
Confidentiality
The Company will keep confidential the health or safety information of a Teammate or
Teammate’s family member. Such information will not be disclosed except to the affected
Teammate, with the written permission of the affected Teammate or as otherwise required by law.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused PSSL or available PHEL is not provided upon separation
from employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired by the Company within six months of
separation from employment, previously accrued but unused PSSL will be immediately
reinstated.
Retaliation
Teammates have the right to request and use PSSL and PHEL in a manner consistent with the
HWFA. The Company will not discriminate or retaliate, or tolerate discrimination or retaliation,
against any Teammate who: seeks or obtains leave in accordance with this policy; files a
complaint regarding an alleged violation of the HWFA; participates in an investigation, hearing or
proceeding or cooperates in or assists with an investigation related to an alleged violation of the
HWFA; informs any person of their potential rights under the HWFA; or otherwise exercises their
rights under the HWFA here.
Paid Family and Medical Leave Insurance (“FAMLI”)
In accordance with the Colorado Paid Family and Medical Leave Insurance (“FAMLI”) Act, Colo.
Rev. Stat. § 8-13.3-501, beginning January 1, 2024, eligible Teammates may be entitled to a
leave of absence with partial wage replacement benefits from the Colorado Department of Labor
and Employment, Division of Family and Medical Leave Insurance (the “Division”) to care for their
own serious health condition, care for a family member with a serious health condition, bond with
a new child, assist with obligations that arise when a family member is called into active military
service, or address the immediate safety needs and impact of domestic violence and/or sexual
assault.
Eligible Teammates
This policy applies to eligible Colorado-based Teammates, including full-time, part-time,
permanent or migratory workers. Eligibility is determined by the Division, not the Company. The
Division may determine that a Teammate is disqualified from receiving FAMLI benefits for one
year if the Teammate willfully makes a false statement or misrepresentation regarding a material
fact in order to obtain FAMLI benefits.
Contributions
FAMLI benefits are funded solely by Teammate contributions. Teammate contributions are
deducted from Teammate paychecks, and the amount of the contribution depends on the
Teammate’s eligible wages and will be reflected on a Teammate’s paystub.
Reasons for and Length of Leave
Eligible Teammates are entitled to up to 12 weeks of FAMLI leave in an application year for any
of the following reasons:
1. Bonding leave to care for a new child during the first year after the birth, adoption or
placement of the child through foster care;
2. To care for a family member with a serious health condition;
3. The Teammate’s serious health condition;
4. Qualifying exigency leave; and
5. Safe leave.
Eligible Teammates will be allowed a maximum of 12 weeks of FAMLI leave, in the aggregate, in
an application year for any of the foregoing reasons, except that eligible Teammates with a serious
health condition related to pregnancy complications or childbirth complications are entitled to up
to an additional 4 weeks of FAMLI leave. The Company will not count FAMLI leave as an absence
that may lead to or result in discipline, discharge, demotion, suspension or any other adverse
action.
Definitions
• “Application year” means the 12-month period measured forward from the date a
Teammate files an application for FAMLI benefits.
• “Child,” for purposes of bonding leave, means a person who is either under the age of 18,
or between the ages of 18 and 21 and remains under the jurisdiction of a juvenile court.
• “Family member” means (a) regardless of age, a biological, adopted or foster child,
stepchild or legal ward, a child of a domestic partner, a child to whom the Teammate stands in
loco parentis, or a person to whom the Teammate stood in loco parentis when the person was a
minor; (b) a biological, adoptive or foster parent, stepparent or legal guardian of a Teammate or
the Teammate’s spouse or domestic partner or a person who stood in loco parentis when the
Teammate or the Teammate’s spouse or domestic partner was a minor child; (c) a person to
whom the Teammate is legally married under the laws of any state, or the Teammate’s domestic
partner; (d) a grandparent, grandchild or sibling (whether a biological, foster, adoptive or step
relationship) of the Teammate or the Teammate’s spouse or domestic partner; or (e) as shown
by the Teammate, any other individual with whom the Teammate has a significant personal bond
that is or is like a family relationship , regardless of biological or legal relationship.
• “Qualifying exigency leave” means leave based on a need arising out of a Teammate’s
family member's active duty service or notice of an impending call or order to active duty in the
armed forces, including, but not limited to, providing for the care or other needs of the military
member’s child or other family member, making financial or legal arrangements for the military
member, attending counseling, attending military events or ceremonies, spending time with the
military member during a rest and recuperation leave or following return from deployment, or
making arrangements following the death of the military member.
• “Safe leave” means any leave because the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member
is the victim of domestic violence, the victim of stalking, or the victim of sexual assault or abuse.
Safe leave applies if the Teammate is using the leave from work to protect the Teammate or the
Teammate’s family member by: (1) seeking a civil protection order to prevent domestic violence;
(2) obtaining medical care or mental health counseling or both for the Teammate or for the
Teammate’s children to address physical or psychological injuries resulting from the act of
domestic violence, stalking, or sexual assault or abuse; (3) making the Teammate’s home secure
from the perpetrator of the act of domestic violence, stalking, or sexual assault or abuse, or
seeking new housing to escape said perpetrator; or (d) seeking legal assistance to address issues
arising from the act of domestic violence, stalking, or sexual assault or abuse, or attending and
preparing for court- related proceedings arising from said act or crime.
• “Serious health condition” means an illness, injury, impairment, pregnancy, recovery from
childbirth, or physical or mental condition that involves inpatient care in a hospital, hospice or
residential medical care facility, or continuing treatment by a health care provider.
Wage Replacement Benefits
The determination of FAMLI eligibility and the amount of wage replacement benefits is determined
by the Division, and not the Company. FAMLI benefits are calculated by the Division based on
the Teammate’s average weekly wage in relation to the state average weekly wage and are
capped at a maximum weekly benefit amount that is adjusted annually. The Division will decide
whether to grant or deny a claim for FAMLI benefits within two (2) weeks of the application being
filed.
Teammates may use available Company-provided paid time off during their absence from work
while their application for FAMLI leave is pending with the Division. Once their application is
approved, the Company may recoup any Company-provided paid time off used during the
approved FAMLI leave period, to the extent such paid time off was not mutually agreed and
acknowledged to be a supplemental benefit to FAMLI benefits and/or the use of such paid time
off during this period caused the Teammate to receive more than their average weekly wage. The
Company may seek recoupment by any legal means, including by making lawful payroll
deductions and replenishing the Teammate’s bank of Company-provided paid time off.
Health Benefits
During an approved FAMLI leave, the Company will continue making contributions for a
Teammate’s group health benefits on the same terms as if the Teammate had continued to work.
This means that, if a Teammate wants benefits coverage to continue during FAMLI leave, the
Teammate must continue to make any premium payments they were required to make for
themselves or their dependents prior to the leave.
Intermittent or Reduced Schedule Leave
In addition to a continuous leave (i.e., a non-recurring, uninterrupted period of leave), eligible
Teammates may take FAMLI leave on an intermittent basis (i.e., taking leave in blocks of time
due to a single qualifying reason) or on a reduced schedule basis (i.e., reducing the Teammate’s
normal weekly or daily work schedule).
FAMLI leave can be taken in increments of one hour. Taking leave intermittently or on a reduced
leave schedule will result in a proportionate reduction in the Teammate’s available allotment of
FAMLI leave. A Teammate who applies for intermittent or reduced schedule leave will not receive
benefits from the Division until they have accumulated at least eight (8) hours of FAMLI leave.
If a Teammate is approved for intermittent or reduced schedule FAMLI leave, the Teammate must
submit documentation sufficient to recertify their need for leave every six months, or as requested
by the Division.
Teammates seeking intermittent or reduced schedule FAMLI leave must notify the Division and
the Company of the schedule for the leave. Teammates receiving intermittent leave must notify
the Division of the individual absences in order to receive wage replacement benefits for the
absences.
Teammates who are approved for and take intermittent or reduced schedule leave and who fail
to work in accordance with that leave schedule may be subject to discipline. If a Teammate’s use
of intermittent FAMLI leave is inconsistent with the Division’s approval, the Company may also
request additional information in support of the need for leave.
Applying for FAMLI Benefits
Teammates must file claims for FAMLI benefits directly with the Division using the Division’s
forms. Applications may be submitted using the FAMLI Division’s online system, by mail, or by e-
mail, and may be submitted up to thirty (30) days prior to the anticipated beginning of FAMLI
leave. Applications must be submitted no later than thirty (30) days after the start of FAMLI leave
unless the Teammate establishes good cause and submits the application fewer than ninety (90)
days after the start of leave.
Teammates will be required to submit to the Division additional documentation supporting the
need for leave. Required documentation may include, for example, a birth certificate or adoption
paperwork for leave upon the birth or placement of a child or medical certification from a
healthcare provider for leave to care for the Teammate’s or a family member’s serious health
condition.
By submitting an application for benefits, a Teammate consents to the Division sharing with the
Company, upon the Company’s request, limited information necessary for the Company to
coordinate FAMLI benefits with other benefits for which the Teammate may be eligible. The
Company will treat any medical or health information it receives in connection with FAMLI benefits
as confidential and will not disclose such information except with the permission of the Teammate
requesting leave, unless disclosure is otherwise required by law.
Requesting FAMLI Leave
Teammates must notify the Company of the need for FAMLI leave by contacting Human
Resources and specifying the anticipated starting time, duration, and where applicable, frequency
of the leave. For Teammates on intermittent leave, these scheduling and notice requirements
apply to each absence.
If the need for leave is foreseeable, the Teammate must provide thirty (30) days’ notice of the
need for leave and consult with the Company and make a reasonable effort to schedule the leave
so as not to unduly disrupt the Company’s operations (subject to approval from the Teammate’s
health care provider). If the necessity for leave is not foreseeable, or providing 30 days’ notice is
not possible, the Teammate must provide the notice as soon as practicable. As soon as
practicable means as soon as both possible and practical, taking into account all of the facts and
circumstances in the individual case.
Teammates on an approved FAMLI leave must notify the Division within ten (10) days after the
occurrence of any event, or the foreseeability of any event, that could change the amount or
duration of approved leave.
Return to Work
The Company may require a Teammate to provide certification of the Teammate’s fitness for duty
prior to returning to work from a FAMLI-approved absence.
A Teammate who has been employed with the Company for at least 180 days prior to the
commencement of a FAMLI leave and returns to work on or before the approved leave’s end date
will be entitled to return to their former job or to an equivalent position with equivalent employment
benefits, pay and other terms and conditions of employment.
The Company may deny restoration to any Teammate:
• Where the Teammate has not been employed with the Company for at least 180 days
prior to the commencement of the Teammate’s FAMLI leave;
• Where the Teammate’s FAMLI leave extends beyond the maximum benefit duration to
which they are entitled;
• Where the Teammate’s return from FAMLI leave coincides with a scheduled cessation of
operations for the season and the Company can show the Teammate would not otherwise have
been employed at the time of reinstatement;
• Where the Teammate’s written contract for employment with the Company has ended
pursuant to its terms;
• Where a Teammate’s position is eliminated due to legitimate downsizing or reorganization;
• Where the Teammate cannot perform the essential functions of their job any longer
following the period of leave. However, a Teammate may be eligible to request reasonable
accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act or other applicable state or federal law;
• Where the Division has made a determination that the Teammate applied for or was
approved for FAMLI leave insurance benefits based on a fraudulent certification;
• Where the Teammate fails to provide notice of a need for FAMLI leave, unless the need
for leave was not foreseeable and unusual circumstances justify the failure to comply; or
• Where a Teammate on FAMLI leave provides written notice of resignation.
Coordination with Other Leaves and Benefits
FAMLI leave will run concurrently with leave taken under the federal Family and Medical Leave
Act and the Colorado Family Care Act if the leave qualifies under each respective law.
FAMLI leave will run also concurrently with leave taken under any disability plan or an employer-
provided paid family and medical leave benefit if the absence qualifies under each respective
program. This means that the Company will count FAMLI wage replacement amounts and the
duration of FAMLI leave toward the remaining benefit amounts and leave duration provided under
such Company-provided disability plan or paid family and medical leave benefit. In no case will
the combined pay an eligible Teammate receives through any wage-replacement program(s),
including FAMLI benefits and any Company-provided disability plan or paid family and medical
leave benefit, exceed the Teammate’s average weekly wage. Additionally, all wage-replacement
benefits will be fully integrated to avoid duplication of benefits, to the fullest extent permitted by
state or federal law.
The Company will not require Teammates to use or exhaust any accrued vacation leave, sick
leave, or other Company-provided paid time off prior to or while receiving FAMLI benefits.
However, Teammates may use Company-provided paid time off (including vacation, paid sick
leave, and paid personal leave) as a supplemental benefit to FAMLI, to receive their full average
weekly wage during some or all of the FAMLI leave. The Teammate must notify the Company in
writing of their intention to use Company-provided paid time off to supplement FAMLI leave
benefits.
Fraudulent Use of FAMLI Prohibited
Teammates who fraudulently obtain FAMLI benefits will not receive the protections and benefits
provided by the law.
Protected Rights
The Company takes its FAMLI obligations very seriously and will not interfere with, restrain or
deny the exercise of any right protected under the FAMLI Act. The Company will not discriminate
or retaliate against any individual because they use or request leave in accordance with this
policy, file a complaint or institute a proceeding related to the FAMLI Act, testify or provide
information in an inquiry or proceeding related to the FAMLI Act, or otherwise exercise their rights
under the FAMLI Act. If a Teammate believes that their FAMLI rights have been violated in any
way, they should immediately report the matter to Human Resources.
Teammates may also contact Human Resources with questions regarding FAMLI leave or
benefits.
PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY LEAVE
For Teammates who work in Colorado only, the Company will provide Teammates with Public
Health Emergency Leave (“PHEL”) in accordance with the terms below.
For purposes of this policy, a “public health emergency” is:
• An act of bioterrorism, a pandemic influenza or an epidemic caused by a novel and highly
fatal infectious agent, for which:
An emergency is declared by a federal, state or local public health agency; or
o
A disaster emergency is declared by the Governor; or
o
o
On the day a public health emergency is declared, Teammates will immediately be able to access
a one-time supplement of PHEL in addition to whatever amount of PST Teammates may have
available via a grant from the Company. Teammates who normally work forty or more hours in a
week shall have access to up to 80 hours of total paid leave (inclusive of the Paid Sick Time).
Teammates who normally work fewer than 40 hours per week shall have access to paid leave
equaling the greater of the number of hours the Teammate (a) is scheduled to work or paid leave
in the upcoming 14-day period after the leave request or (b) actually worked in the 14-day period
prior to the declaration of the public health emergency or the leave request (whichever is greater).
• To self-isolate and care for oneself or a family member who is self-isolating because the
Teammate or family member is diagnosed with, or experiencing symptoms of, a
communicable illness that is the cause of a public health emergency;
• To seek or obtain for oneself or care for a Teammate is unable to work because the
Teammate has a health condition that may increase susceptibility to or risk of
communicable illness that is the cause of the public health emergency;
• Either the Company or a public health authority with appropriate jurisdiction determines
that a Teammate’s presence on the job or in the community would jeopardize the health
of others because of the individual's exposure to a communicable illness that is the cause
of a public health emergency or because the individual is exhibiting symptoms of such a
communicable illness, regardless of whether the individual has been diagnosed with the
illness;
• To care for a family member after either the family member’s employer or a public health
authority with appropriate authority determines that the family member’s presence on the
job or in the community would jeopardize the health of others because of the family
member's exposure to a communicable illness that is the cause of a public health
emergency or because the family member is exhibiting symptoms of such a communicable
illness, regardless of whether the family member has been diagnosed with the illness;
• To care for a child or other family member when their childcare provider is unavailable due
to a public health emergency or their school or place of care has been closed due to a
public health emergency (including when the school or place of care is physically closed
but providing instruction remotely).
PHEL will become available on the date a public health emergency is declared and will remain
available until four weeks after the official termination or suspension of the public health
emergency. Teammates are only eligible for these amounts of PHEL one time during the entirety
of a public health emergency (even if the public health emergency is extended, amended, restated
or prolonged).
When the need for PHEL is foreseeable and the workplace has not been closed, Teammates
must notify the Company of the need for PHEL as soon as practicable. To provide notice of the
need to use PHEL, Teammates should contact their People Partner.
Teammate Records Requests
Upon a Teammate’s request, the Company will provide (in writing or electronically) documentation
indicating the current amount of PST and/or PHEL available for use and the amount of such leave
already used during the current benefit year. Teammates will be allowed to make one such
request per month, except they may make an additional request when any need for PST or PHEL
arises.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF RECEIPT OF
COLORADO OVERTIME AND MINIMUM PAY STANDARDS ORDER (COMPS ORDER #39)
POSTER
I acknowledge that I have been provided with a copy of the Colorado Overtime and Minimum Pay
Standards Order (COMPS ORDER #39) poster.
_________________________________
Teammate Name (print)
_________________________________ ________________________
Teammate Signature Date