CONNECTICUT SUPPLEMENT
Sexual and Other Prohibited Harassment
SEXUAL HARASSMENT IS ILLEGAL. The Company is committed to providing a work
environment free of harassment. The Company complies with Connecticut law and maintains a
strict policy prohibiting sexual harassment and unlawful discrimination against any Teammate,
intern or applicant for employment based on race, color, religion, creed, age, sex (including
pregnancy, child-bearing capacity, sterilization, fertility or related medical conditions), sexual
orientation, national origin, homelessness, family violence victim status, ancestry, marital status,
veteran status, gender identity or expression, and present or past history of mental, intellectual,
physical or learning disability, and genetic information. The Company will not tolerate
discrimination or harassment based upon these characteristics or any other characteristic
protected by applicable federal, state or local law. The Company strictly prohibits sexual
harassment by or against any individuals involved in Company operations, including Teammates
(regardless of position), applicants, interns, temporary workers, vendors, contractors and any
other third party involved in Company operations.
All Teammates are expected to comply with the Company’s Sexual and Other Prohibited
Harassment policy, which is included in the Handbook. While the Sexual and Other Prohibited
Harassment policy sets forth the Company’s goals of promoting a workplace that is free of
harassment, the policy is not designed or intended to limit the Company’s authority to discipline
or take remedial action for workplace conduct that we deem unacceptable, regardless of whether
that conduct satisfies the definition of unlawful harassment.
Any Teammate who is found to have engaged in discriminatory or harassing conduct will be
subject to appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination. Individuals who engage
in acts of sexual harassment may also be subject to civil and criminal penalties.
Retaliation against anyone reporting acts of harassment or discrimination, participating in an
investigation, or helping others exercise their right to complain about discrimination or harassment
is unlawful and will not be tolerated.
In addition to the complaint procedures set forth in the Handbook, any Teammate who believes
they have been harassed or discriminated against may file a complaint with the Connecticut
Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities (CHRO). The CHRO may be reached at 450
Columbus Blvd Suite 2, Hartford CT 06103; telephone number (860) 541-3400; TDD NUMBER
(860) 541-3459; Connecticut Toll Free 1(800) 477-5737; or online at www.ct.gov/CHRO.
Connecticut law requires that a complaint be filed with the CHRO within 300 days of the alleged
harassment.
• Remedies for sexual harassment can include:
• Cease and desist orders;
• Back pay;
• Compensatory damages;
• Emotional distress damages;
• Attorney’s fees; and
• Hiring, promotion or reinstatement.
Teammates can find additional information about the illegality of sexual harassment and the
remedies available to victims of sexual harassment at the CHRO’s informational website:
https://www.ct.gov/chro/cwp/view.asp?a=5019&Q=609536&chroNav=|.
Meal Breaks
Teammates who work seven and one-half or more consecutive hours will be provided one 30-
minute meal break. The meal break generally should be taken after the first two hours of work
and before the last two hours of work.
An uninterrupted 30-minute meal break will be unpaid for nonexempt Teammates. All nonexempt
Teammates must record their meal breaks.
Teammates who are unable to take all of the meal breaks to which they are entitled in accordance
with this policy, or who have been prevented or discouraged from taking a break to which he or
she is entitled under this policy, should immediately notify a supervisor, a Human Resources
representative.
Connecticut Family and Medical Leave
The Company recognizes that Teammates may need to be absent from work for an extended
period of time for family and/or medical reasons and will grant time off to Teammates in
accordance with the requirements of the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and the
Connecticut Family and Medical Leave Act (CTFMLA). When both the FMLA and CTFMLA apply,
the leave provided by each will count against the Teammate’s entitlement under both laws and
must be taken concurrently. A Teammate who is eligible for leave under only one of these laws
will receive benefits in accordance with that law only.
The following policy addresses Teammate rights under the CTFMLA. Teammates should refer to
the Handbook for additional details regarding the FMLA. All questions concerning this policy
should be directed to Human Resources.
Eligible Teammates
To be eligible for CTFMLA leave, a Teammate must have been employed by the Company in the
State of Connecticut for at least three consecutive months immediately preceding the request for
leave.
Reasons for and Length of Family and Medical Leave
Eligible Teammates may request up to a maximum of 12 weeks of CTFMLA leave in a 12-month
period for one or more of the following reasons:
• To bond with a son or daughter within one year of the child’s birth or placement in
connection with foster care or adoption, or when leave is required because of the
impending birth or placement of a child; (“Bonding Leave”).
• To care for a family member who has a serious health condition (“Family Care Leave”).
• For the Teammate’s own serious health condition (“Serious Health Condition Leave”).
• To serve as an organ or bone marrow donor (“Donor Leave”).
• For a “qualifying exigency,” as defined under the FMLA, arising from a spouse’s, child’s,
or parent’s “covered active duty” (as defined below) as a member of the military reserves,
National Guard (including the Connecticut National Guard) or Armed Forces (“Military
Emergency Leave”).
For the 12-month period, the Company uses a rolling 12-month period measured backward from
the date a Teammate uses their CTFMLA leave. Under this method, the 12-month period is
measured backward from the day the Teammate uses any CTFMLA leave.
Serious Health Condition Leave may be extended up to an additional two weeks (up to a total of
14 weeks of Serious Health Condition Leave in a 12-month period) if the Teammate experiences
a serious health condition that results in incapacity during pregnancy.
Eligible Teammates may also take CTFMLA leave when they are absent from work in order to
care for a spouse (including a same-sex spouse and an out-of-state civil union or domestic partner
residing in Connecticut), son, daughter, parent or next of kin, who is a member of the Armed
Forces (as defined under the law) and is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy,
is otherwise in an outpatient status or is on the temporary disability retired list for a serious injury
or illness incurred in the line of duty (“Military Caregiver Leave”). Teammates seeking Military
Caregiver Leave may take up to a maximum of 26 workweeks in a single 12-month period for
each armed forces member, per serious injury or illness incurred in the line of duty. The 12-month
period begins on the date of the Teammate’s first day of leave taken to care for a covered armed
services member and ends 12 months after that first day of leave.
If both spouses (including same-sex spouses or out-of-state civil union or domestic partners) are
employed by the Company and are eligible for CTFMLA leave, their combined leave may not
exceed a combined total of 12 workweeks during any 12-month period if such leave is taken upon
the birth or placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care or to care for a sick family
member. If both spouses are employed by the Company and are entitled to Military Caregiver
Leave, the aggregate number of workweeks of leave to which both may be entitled may be limited
to 26 workweeks during any 12-month period.
Intermittent and Reduced Schedule Leave
Serious Health Condition Leave, Military Caregiver Leave, Donor Leave and Family Care Leave
may be taken intermittently (i.e., in separate blocks of time) or on a reduced leave schedule (i.e.,
a schedule that reduces the usual number of hours per workweek, or hours per workday) when
medically necessary. Leave due to military exigencies may also be taken on an intermittent basis.
The Company may require a Teammate to temporarily transfer during a period of intermittent or
reduced leave schedule to an available alternative position for which the Teammate is qualified
to better accommodate the recurring periods of planned medical treatment leave.
Requests for intermittent or reduced schedule leave for the birth or placement of a child may be
directed to Human Resources and will be considered on a case-by-case basis depending on the
needs of the Company.
If a Teammate who has been approved for intermittent leave seeks leave time that is
unforeseeable, the Teammate must specifically reference the need for CTFMLA leave at the time
the Teammate calls off.
Definitions
• “Covered active duty” means (1) in the case of a member of a regular component of the
Armed Forces, duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a
foreign country; and (2) in the case of a member of a reserve component of the Armed
Forces, duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign
country under a call or order to active duty (or notification of an impending call or order to
active duty) in support of a contingency operation as defined by applicable law.
• “Family member” means a Teammate’s spouse, sibling, son or daughter, grandparent,
grandchild or parent, or an individual related to the Teammate by blood or affinity whose
close association the Teammate shows to be the equivalent of those family relationships,
regardless of biological or legal relationship or lack thereof.
• “Grandchild” means a grandchild related to a person by blood or marriage or because of
the adoption or foster care by a child of the grandparent.
• “Grandparent” means a grandparent related to a person by blood or marriage or because
of the adoption of a minor child or foster care of a child by a child of the grandparent;
• “Next of kin” means, with respect to Military Caregiver Leave, the armed forces member’s
nearest blood relative, other than the covered armed forces member’s spouse (including
a same-sex spouse or out-of-state civil union or domestic partner), parent, son or
daughter, in the following order of priority: blood relatives who have been granted legal
custody of the armed forces member by court decree or statutory provisions, brothers,
and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered armed
forces member has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as their
nearest blood relative for purposes of Military Caregiver Leave or any other individual
whose close association with the Teammate is the equivalent of a family member for
purposes of Military Caregiver Leave, in which case the designated individual will be
considered the next of kin.
• “Parent" means a biological parent, foster parent, adoptive parent, stepparent, parent-in-
law or legal guardian of an eligible Teammate or an eligible Teammate’s spouse, an
individual standing in loco parentis to an eligible Teammate, or an individual who stood in
loco parentis to the eligible Teammate when the Teammate was a child.
• “Serious Health Condition” means an illness, injury, impairment or physical or mental
condition that involves either: inpatient care in a hospital, hospice, nursing home or
residential medical care facility; or continuing treatment, including outpatient treatment, by
a health care provider.
• “Sibling” means a brother or sister related to a person by blood, marriage, adoption by a
parent of the person or foster care placement.
• "Son or daughter" means a biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or
a child of a person standing in loco parentis, or an individual to whom the Teammate stood
in loco parentis when the individual was a child.
Requesting Leave
Teammates should contact Human Resources as soon as they become aware of the need for
CTFMLA leave. Only Human Resources has the authority to grant or deny requests for CTFMLA
leave.
If the need for Bonding Leave is foreseeable, the Teammate must provide at least 30 days’
advance notice of the intention to take leave. If the date of birth or placement of a child requires
leave to begin in less than 30 days, the Teammate must provide notice as soon as is practicable.
If the need for Serious Health Condition Leave, Family Care Leave or Donor Leave is foreseeable
based on planned medical treatment, the Teammate should make a reasonable effort to schedule
the treatment so as not to unduly disrupt Company operations (subject to health care provider
approval) and must provide 30 days’ advance notice, or as much notice as is practicable.
Any request for Serious Health Condition Leave, Family Care Leave or for Military Caregiver
Leave must be supported by a certification issued by the health care provider of the eligible
Teammate or family member. Certification forms for this purpose may be obtained from Human
Resources. Teammates must provide a copy of the completed certification form to Human
Resources within 15 calendar days. Certifications for intermittent leave or leave on a reduced
schedule for certain qualifying reasons will need to include the expected duration and schedule
of the intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave.
If a completed form is not returned in a timely manner, the leave may be delayed or denied. The
Company may require periodic recertification, not more than once per 30-day period unless
required by the health care provider. The Company may also require, at its own expense, a
second or third medical opinion regarding a Teammate’s own serious health condition or the
serious health condition of a Teammate’s family member. Teammates are expected to cooperate
with the Company in obtaining additional medical opinions that the Company may require.
Health Benefits
The Company will not continue making contributions for a Teammate’s group health benefits
during CTFMLA unless the Teammate is eligible for benefit continuation under another applicable
law, such as federal FMLA. Teammates will be provided information regarding continuation of
benefits under COBRA, where applicable.
No loss of service credit with the Company will occur as a result of leave under the FMLA or the
CTFMLA, but a Teammate who takes leave under this policy is not entitled to the accrual of any
seniority or employment benefits during any period of leave.
Effect on Other Rights and Paid Leave
When both the FMLA and the CTFMLA apply, the leave provided by each will count against the
Teammate’s entitlement under both laws and leave taken under the FMLA will run concurrently
with leave taken under the CTFMLA.
For time off that qualifies as CTFMLA leave, Teammates may use available vacation, paid sick
time and other available paid time off. Teammates will also be allowed to use up to two weeks of
available accrued sick leave for Bonding Leave or Family Care Leave.
Teammates may also be eligible to receive partial wage replacement benefits (“PFML Benefits”)
during a CTFMLA through the state-mandated Connecticut Paid Leave Program, which is
administered by the CT Paid Leave Authority (“PLA”). Sick leave, vacation and similar Company-
provided paid time off cannot be used simultaneously with PFML Benefits.
For more information about PFML Benefits, see the Company’s Paid Family and Medical Leave
Benefits policy or contact Human Resources. Teammates can also find additional information
about filing for PFML Benefits through the PLA’s website: ctpaidleave.org.
Return from Leave
Upon return from CTFMLA leave, the Teammate will be returned to work at the position of
employment held by the Teammate when the leave commenced or, if that position is not available,
to one with equivalent benefits, pay and other terms and conditions of employment. If a Teammate
is medically unable to perform the functions of their original job upon expiration of the leave, they
will be transferred to work that is suitable for the Teammate’s physical condition if such work is
available. A Teammate has no greater right to continued employment or reinstatement than if the
Teammate had been continuously employed. For example, employment may be terminated in
conjunction with layoff or job elimination during a leave of absence the same as if the Teammate
were not on leave.
The Company requires each Teammate returning from a leave taken for their own serious health
condition to receive certification from a health care provider that the Teammate is able to resume
work, unless the Teammate is on an intermittent or reduced schedule.
Documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications or medical histories of Teammates
or Teammates’ family members will be maintained separately and treated as confidential medical
records, except that in some legally recognized circumstances, the records (or information in
them) may be disclosed to supervisors and managers, first aid and safety personnel or
government officials.
Fraudulent Use of CTFMLA Prohibited
A Teammate who fraudulently obtains CTFMLA leave from the Company is not protected by
CTFMLA’s job restoration or maintenance of health benefits provisions. In addition, the Company
will take all available appropriate disciplinary action against a Teammate who engages in this kind
of fraud.
Protected Rights
The Company takes its CTFMLA obligations very seriously and will not interfere with, restrain, or
deny the exercise of any right protected under the CTFMLA. It is a violation of Connecticut law
and Company policy to retaliate against a Teammate because they request, apply for or use
CTFMLA leave for which they are eligible. Teammates who believe that their CT FMLA rights
have been violated in any way should immediately report the matter to Human Resources or the
Company’s ethics hotline. Teammates also have the right to file a complaint with the Connecticut
Labor Commissioner alleging a violation of the CTFMLA.
Teammates may also contact Human Resources with questions regarding CTFMLA leave.
Connecticut Paid Family and Medical Leave Benefits
In accordance with the Connecticut’s Paid Family and Medical Leave Act (“PFMLA”) Teammates
may be eligible through the state-mandated Connecticut Paid Leave Program to receive partial
wage replacement benefits (“PFML Benefits”) for leave taken for any of the qualifying reasons
under the Connecticut Family and Medical Leave Act (CTFMLA) or to address specific situations
associated with being the victim of family violence. PFML Benefits are administered and paid by
the CT Paid Leave Authority (“PLA”), not the Company.
Eligible Teammates
To be eligible for PFML Benefits, a Teammate must have earned at least $2,325.00 during the
base period (i.e., the first four of the five most recently worked quarters) and must either be
currently employed by an employer covered by PFMLA or have been employed by a covered
employer within the previous 12 weeks. The PLA will determine whether the Teammate has met
eligibility requirements for purposes of PFML Benefits.
Reasons for and Length of PFML Benefits
Eligible Teammates can receive up to up to 12 weeks of PFML Benefits in a 12-month period
when not working because of a reason that is also a protected reason for leave under CTFMLA
(i.e., to bond with a new child, care for a family member with a serious health condition, care for
the Teammate’s own serious health condition, serve as an organ or bone marrow donor, care for
certain family members who were injured in the line of duty while on active military duty, or assist
with obligations that arise when a family member is called into active military service). Teammates
may also be entitled to an additional two weeks of PFML Benefits (up to a total of 14 weeks) if
they experience a pregnancy-related serious health condition that results in incapacity.
If both spouses (including same-sex spouses or out-of-state civil union or domestic partners) are
employed by the Company and are eligible for PFML Benefits, they will each be eligible for up to
12 weeks of compensation in a 12-month period. This eligibility for PFML Benefits does not
increase a Teammate’s eligibility for protected leave under the CTFMLA.
Teammates may also be eligible to receive PFML benefits during leave provided in accordance
with Connecticut law for reasons related to being the victim of family violence, including to: seek
medical care or counseling for physical or psychological injury or disability; obtain services from
a victim services organization; relocate due to the family violence; or participate in any civil or
criminal proceeding related to or resulting from such family violence.
Teammates can seek PFML Benefits when taking nonconsecutive hours of leave (i.e., leave on
an intermittent or reduced schedule basis).
Teammates should consult the Company’s Connecticut Family and Medical Leave and Family
Violence Victim Leave policies or contact Human Resources for additional information about
available leave.
Contributions for PFML Benefits
PFML benefits are funded by Teammate contributions to the CT Paid Leave Trust Fund.
Teammate contributions are made through after-tax payroll deductions, and the amount of the
contribution will not exceed one-half of one percent (0.5%) of the Teammate’s wages (as
calculated for purposes of FICA), up to the Social Security wage contribution cap set by the federal
government. The amount of any deduction taken will be reflected on a Teammate’s paystub.
Wage Replacement Benefits
The PFML wage replacement benefits are calculated by the PLA, not the Company, in
accordance with the following:
Eligible Teammate’s Base
Eligible Teammate’s PFML Benefit Rate
Weekly Earnings
Base weekly earnings are
less than or equal to the 95% of the eligible Teammate’s base weekly earnings, less
Connecticut minimum wage any offsets
multiplied by 40
95% of the Connecticut minimum wage multiplied by 40, plus
Base weekly earnings are
60% of the amount the Teammate’s base weekly earnings
greater than the
exceed the Connecticut minimum wage multiplied by 40 (less
Connecticut minimum wage
any offsets), up to maximum weekly benefit amount of 60
multiplied by 40
times the Connecticut minimum wage.
Benefit payments will be administered by the PLA. Approved benefits are generally paid on a
weekly basis via Electronic Funds Transfer or Stored Value Card.
Teammates will not be eligible to receive PFML Benefits concurrently with unemployment
insurance, workers’ compensation or any other wage replacement benefits provided in
accordance with a state or federal program.
Requesting Benefits
Teammates seeking to use PFML Benefits must provide notice to the Company and to the PLA.
Teammates will need to submit a claim for benefits and supporting documentation to the PLA.
The PLA has indicated that it will not typically approve requests for PFML Benefits that are
submitted more than 45 days following the initial date for which compensation is requested, unless
the PLA determines that the Teammate has good cause for the delay.
Among other things, the PLA requires that Teammates provide an Employment Verification Form
(“EVF”) to their employers. Teammates seeking PFML Benefits can submit the EVF to Human
Resources via email. The Company will submit the completed EVF to the PLA within 10 calendar
days after receiving the EVF from the Teammate.
Teammates can find additional information about filing for PFML Benefits through the PLA’s
website: ctpaidleave.org.
Effect on Other Paid Leave
Teammates may use available sick leave, vacation or similar Company-provided paid time off
before using PFML Benefits while on leave. Teammates will also be allowed to use up to two
weeks of available accrued sick leave before using PFML Benefits for CTFMLA leave that is taken
for the purposes of Bonding or Family Care, as those terms are defined in the Company’s
Connecticut Family and Medical Leave Policy.
Vacation and similar Company-provided paid time off cannot be used simultaneously with PFML
Benefits.
Protected Rights
The Company takes its CTFMLA obligations and Teammate rights under the PFMLA very
seriously and will not interfere with, restrain or deny the exercise of any right protected under the
CTFMLA or PFMLA. It is a violation of Connecticut law and Company policy to retaliate against a
Teammate because they request, apply for or use CTFMLA leave for which they are eligible.
Teammates who believe that their CT FMLA or PFMLA rights have been violated in any way
should immediately report the matter to Human Resources. Teammates also have the right to file
a complaint with the Connecticut Labor Commissioner alleging a violation of the CTFMLA.
Teammates may also contact Human Resources with questions regarding CTFMLA leave, leave
for victims of family violence or PFML Benefits.
Pregnancy Leave and Accommodation
Teammates and applicants with needs related to pregnancy, childbirth, or related conditions
(including, but not limited to lactation and fertility treatment), may request a reasonable
accommodation to enable them to perform their job. The Company will provide a reasonable
accommodation for needs related to pregnancy, childbirth or a related medical condition so long
as the requested accommodation does not impose an undue hardship on the Company’s
business operations.
A reasonable accommodation may include, but is not limited to, the following:
• Being permitted to sit or eat while working;
• More frequent or longer breaks, including bathroom, water or rest breaks;
• Modified policies regarding food and drink while working;
• Periodic rest;
• Assistance with manual labor;
• Assistive equipment (e.g., a stool, chair or assistive lifting equipment);
• Job restructuring;
• Light or desk duty assignments;
• Modified work schedules;
• Modified dress code or uniform requirements;
• Relocation of a workstation to allow additional room for movement or greater proximity to
the bathroom;
• Temporary transfers to less strenuous or hazardous work;
• Time off to attend pre-natal, post-natal or fertility treatment appointments or to recover
from childbirth; or
• Break time and appropriate facilities for expressing breast milk.
Teammates who request an accommodation need not disclose their medical diagnosis and
should, instead, indicate the nature of the limitation giving rise to the need for accommodation
(e.g., back pain) and that the limitation is related to the Teammate’s pregnancy, childbirth or
related condition.
The Company will grant a reasonable leave of absence to female Teammates who are disabled
due to pregnancy in accordance with all applicable laws. If the need for leave is unforeseeable,
Teammates should notify the Company as soon as possible and practical of the need for leave.
When the need for the leave is foreseeable, the Teammate is required to provide 30 days’
advance notice or such notice as is both possible and practical if the leave must begin in less than
30 days (normally this would be the same day the Teammate becomes aware of the need for
leave or the next business day). Any request for pregnancy-related leave must be supported by
a certification issued by the Teammate’s health care provider. Certification forms for this purpose
may be obtained from Human Resources. Teammates must provide a copy of the completed
certification form to Human Resources within 15 calendar days, unless a longer period of time is
reasonably necessary.
If a Teammate is eligible for leave under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) or the
Connecticut Family and Medical Leave Act (CFMLA), the FMLA and/or CFMLA leave, and
pregnancy disability leave will run concurrently. Once the Teammate signifies her intent to return
to work, the Teammate will be reinstated to her original or similar position with equivalent pay and
benefits unless the Company’s circumstances have changed and make it impossible or
unreasonable to do so.
The Company will not require a pregnant Teammate or applicant to accept a reasonable
accommodation if she does not have a known pregnancy-related limitation or require reasonable
accommodation to perform her job’s essential duties, nor will the Company require a pregnant
Teammate to take a leave of absence instead of providing a reasonable accommodation.
The Company will not deny employment opportunities or take adverse employment action against
otherwise qualified applicants or Teammates based on the need to make such reasonable
accommodations, nor will the Company retaliate against any Teammate or applicant who
requests an accommodation.
Teammates who have questions about this policy or who wish to request leave or other
reasonable accommodation under this policy should contact their Human Resources
representative. Human Resources will communicate with the Teammate and engage in good faith
in an interactive process to determine the nature of the limitation and what, if any, reasonable
accommodation(s) may be appropriate. In some cases, this interactive process may be triggered
without a request from the Teammate, such as when the Company receives notice from its own
observation or another source that a Teammate may need a reasonable accommodation related
to pregnancy, childbirth or related conditions.
Paid Sick Leave
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick leave in accordance with Connecticut’s
paid sick leave law. The guidelines set forth in this policy do not supersede applicable federal,
state, or local law regarding leaves of absence, including leave taken under the Family and
Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and/or as a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA) or Americans with Disabilities Act Amendments Act of 2008 (ADAAA) or
any other applicable federal, state, or local law, including those prohibiting discrimination and
harassment.
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
Regular, full-time, and part-time service workers who are either non-exempt or paid on an hourly
basis and who work in Connecticut are eligible to accrue paid sick leave. Temporary or day
workers (defined as those who perform work on a per diem basis or an occasional or irregular
basis, for only the time required to complete such work, whether they are paid by the person for
whom such work is performed by or a temporary help service or employment agency) are not
eligible for paid sick leave.
Reasons Paid Sick Leave May Be Used
Teammates may use accrued paid sick leave for absences resulting from any of the following:
• The Teammate’s or eligible family member’s illness, injury or health condition;
• To obtain professional medical diagnosis, care or treatment for the Teammate’s or eligible
family member’s mental or physical illness, injury or health condition;
• To obtain preventative care for the Teammate or eligible family member;
• If the Teammate is a victim of family violence or sexual assault and needs time off for the
purpose of:
• Medical care or psychological or other counseling for physical or psychological injury or
disability;
• To obtain services from a victim services organization;
• To relocate due to such family violence or sexual assault; or
• To participate in any civil or criminal proceedings related to or resulting from such family
violence or sexual assault.
Eligible family members include the Teammate’s spouse (including a same-sex spouse or out-of-
state civil union or domestic partner) and child(ren).
Accrual of Leave
Leave is accrued at a rate of one hour for every 40 hours worked up to a maximum accrual of 40
hours per calendar year. Hours worked refers to actual hours worked and does not include sick,
vacation or other leave time.
Teammates accrue paid sick leave beginning upon hire.
Teammates may use paid sick leave after the 680th hour of employment with the Company.
Teammates must have averaged 10 or more work hours per week in the previous calendar quarter
in order to use accrued paid sick leave.
Teammates may use a maximum of 40 hours of paid sick leave in any calendar year.
Increments
Paid sick leave must be used in increments of one hour or more.
Requesting Leave and Documentation
Teammates must provide seven days’ notice before taking leave if the need for paid sick leave is
foreseeable. If the need for leave is not foreseeable, the Teammate must give notice as soon as
practicable.
The Company requires Teammates who are out on leave for three or more consecutive workdays
and seeking compensation to provide reasonable documentation verifying that the leave is being
taken for a reason permitted under this policy. Such documentation may include:
• For leaves related to mental or physical illness, treatment of an illness and preventative
care, a signed document by a health care provider indicating the need for leave and the
number of days needed; or
• For leaves relating to family violence, a court record or documentation signed by the
Teammate or volunteer working for a victim services organization, an attorney, police
officer or other counselor involved with the Teammate.
Teammates are prohibited from using paid sick leave for improper purposes.
Carry Over
Teammates may carry over up to 40 unused accrued hours of paid sick leave from one year to
the next but can only use up to 40 hours of paid sick leave in any one year.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions
under certain federal, state and municipal laws. In certain situations, leave under this policy may
run at the same time as leave available under another federal or state law, provided eligibility
requirements for that law are met. The Company is committed to complying with all applicable
laws. Teammates should contact their Human Resources representative for information about
other federal, state and municipal medical or family leave rights.
Termination
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick leave is not provided upon separation of
employment for any reason.
Retaliation
The Company will not retaliate or discriminate against Teammates who request or use paid sick
leave for authorized circumstances or for making a complaint about suspected violations of this
policy.
Domestic Violence Victim Leave
Teammates who are victims of domestic violence will be allowed a reasonable leave of absence
in order to:
• Seek attention for injuries caused by domestic violence, including for a child who is a victim
of domestic violence, provided the Teammate is not the perpetrator of the domestic
violence against the child;
• Obtain services including safety planning from a domestic violence agency or rape crisis
center as a result of domestic violence;
• Obtain psychological counseling related to an incident or incidents of domestic violence,
including for a child who is a victim of domestic violence, provided the Teammate is not
the perpetrator of the domestic violence against the child;
• Take other actions to increase safety from future incidents of domestic violence, including
temporary or permanent relocation; or
• Obtain legal services, assist in the prosecution of the offense, or otherwise participate in
legal proceedings in relation to the incident or incidents of domestic violence.
The Company may require certification of the Teammate’s reason for leave. Such certification
can include any of the following:
• A police report indicating that the Teammate or the Teammate’s child was a victim of
domestic violence;
• A court order protecting or separating the Teammate or Teammate’s child from the
perpetrator of an act of domestic violence;
• Other evidence from the court or prosecuting attorney that the Teammate appeared in
court; or
• Documentation from a medical professional, domestic violence counselor or other health
care provider, that the Teammate or the Teammate’s child was receiving services,
counseling or treatment for physical or mental injuries or abuse resulting in victimization
from an act of domestic violence.
To the extent permitted by law, the Company will maintain the confidentiality of any information
regarding a Teammate’s status as a victim of domestic violence.
Teammates may also be entitled to leave for issues related to domestic violence under certain
federal or state laws. The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against a Teammate because
they are a victim of domestic violence or request leave in accordance with this policy. If a
Teammate has a physical or mental disability resulting from an incident or series of incidents of
domestic violence, the Teammate will be treated in the same manner as a Teammate with any
other disability.
Electronic Monitoring
The Company monitors Teammate use of company computer networks, electronic mail (email)
systems and other company communication resources in its sole discretion. Specifically, the
Company monitors emails, texts, voicemails, data, files, recordings and network and internet
usage. Accordingly, Teammates should not expect that these communications are private.
No audio or video recording occurs in restrooms or areas where Teammates change clothing.
Privacy Protection Policy for Social Security Numbers
The Company has established the following procedures to protect the confidentiality and security
of Social Security numbers (SSNs) received by the Company. This policy applies to SSNs
received for any employment-related purpose, including, but not limited to, pre-employment
background screening; payroll, benefits, and Human Resources administration; and employment-
related investigations.