DELAWARE SUPPLEMENT
Equal Employment Opportunity
The Company is committed to equal employment opportunity and to compliance with federal
antidiscrimination laws. We also comply with Delaware law, which prohibits discrimination and
harassment against Teammates or applicants for employment based on race (including traits
historically associated with race, such as hair texture and a protective hairstyle), marital status,
genetic information, color, age (40 and over), religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and
related conditions), family responsibilities, reproductive health decisions, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, disability, membership in a volunteer emergency responder
organization and status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking. The Company
will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based upon these characteristics or any other
characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
Whistleblower Protections (Delaware Whistleblowers Protection Act)
Teammates have the right to complain about any of our workplace practices or policies that they
believe to be in violation of law, against public policy and/or fraudulent or unethical. The Company
will not take any adverse employment action against any Teammate, or otherwise retaliate against
any Teammate, because:
• The Teammate, or a person acting on behalf of the Teammate, reports or is about to report
to a public body a violation that the Teammate knows or reasonably believes has occurred
or is about to occur, unless the Teammate knows that the report is false or acts with
reckless disregard for its truth or falsity;
• The Teammate participates in, or is requested by a public body to participate in an
investigation, hearing or inquiry held by the public body, or a court action, in connection
with a violation;
• The Teammate refuses to commit or assist in the commission of a violation; or
• The Teammate reports to the Company a violation that the Teammate knows or
reasonably believes has occurred or is about to occur, unless the Teammate knows that
the report is false or acts with reckless disregard for its truth or falsity.
For purposes of this policy, a “violation” is any act or omission by the Company that is materially
inconsistent with, and a serious deviation from: 1) standards implemented in accordance with a
law or regulation to protect Teammates or others from health, safety or environmental hazards;
or 2) financial management or accounting standards implemented under a rule or regulation
created by the Company or a law, rule or regulation designed to protect any person from fraud,
deceit or misappropriation of public or private funds or assets under the control of the Company.
Teammates who wish to report such violations should contact Human Resources. Teammates
should also consult the Reporting and Anti-Retaliation Policy set forth in the Handbook for further
information about reporting potential misconduct and protections from retaliation.
Meal Breaks
Teammates who work at least seven and a half hours are entitled to a 30-minute meal break.
Such breaks will be scheduled after the first two hours, but before the last two hours, of the
Teammate’s shift.
During the meal break, Teammates will be relieved of all duties. Teammates are free to leave the
workplace and must not perform any work during the break. Teammates are expected to return
to work promptly at the end of their break.
An uninterrupted 30-minute meal break will be unpaid for nonexempt Teammates. Any Teammate
who is unable to take all of the meal breaks to which they are entitled in accordance with this
policy, or who has been prevented or discouraged from taking a break to which they are entitled
under this policy, should immediately notify Human Resources.
All nonexempt Teammates must record their meal periods.
Electronic Monitoring
As is set forth more fully in the Handbook, the Company will monitor Teammates’ use of Company
computer networks, electronic mail systems and other Company communication resources in its
sole discretion. Therefore, Teammates should not expect that these communications are private.
Monitoring is conducted for the protection of Teammates and Company assets, and to ensure
that the use of electronic communication systems is consistent with Company policies and
legitimate business interests. The Company reserves the right to override any individual password
and access any and all internet and intranet e-mail, voice messages and/or computer files in order
to ensure compliance with Company policy.
While the Company reserves the right to retrieve and read any electronic messages transmitted
over any Company systems or equipment, such messages otherwise should be treated as
confidential by Teammates and accessed only by the intended recipients.