DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SUPPLEMENT
Outside Employment [District of Columbia Teammates]
The Company’s Outside Employment policy set forth in the Handbook does not apply to Company
Teammates who are “Covered Teammates” for purposes of the District of Columbia’s Ban on
Non-Compete Agreements Amendment Act of 2020, as amended, (the “Act”). Covered
Teammates are those who are not “highly compensated Teammates”, as that term is defined in
the Act, and who: (1) spend more than 50% of their work time for the Company working in the
District of Columbia (“D.C.”); or (2) have a position that is based in D.C. and regularly spend a
substantial amount of their work time for the Company in D.C. and not more than 50% of their
work time for the Company in another jurisdiction.
Consistent with the Act, Covered Teammates are prohibited from working for pay for a person or
other employer during the Teammate’s employment with the Company, if the acceptance of that
payment: (1) will result in the Teammate’s disclosure or use of confidential or proprietary
Company information; (2) conflicts with the Company’s, industry’s, or profession’s established
rules regarding conflicts of interest; or (3) impairs the Company’s ability to comply with District or
federal laws or regulations, a contract, or a grant agreement. “Confidential employer information”
means information owned or possessed by the Company that is not available to the general public
and that the Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure is protected from improper
disclosure. “Proprietary employer information” means information unique to the Company that is
compiled, created, or solicited by the Company, including customer lists, client lists, and trade
secrets as that term is defined by section 2(4) of the Uniform Trade Secrets Act of 1988.
Like all Company Teammates, Company Teammates who work in DC must disclose any
secondary employment to the Company. If the Company has questions about whether the
secondary employment presents any of the circumstances identified in the paragraph above, the
Company will follow up with the Teammate as may be appropriate.
The Act limits the use of non-compete agreements. It allows employers to request non-compete
agreements only from “highly compensated Teammates”, as that term is defined in the Act, and
under certain conditions. For more information about the Ban on Non-Compete Agreements
Amendment Act of 2020, as amended, individuals can contact the District of Columbia
Department of Employment Services (DOES). For more information about whether a Teammate
qualifies as “highly compensated” or about the Company’s policy on outside employment
generally, Teammates should contact Human Resources.
The Company does not retaliate against or tolerate retaliation (or threatened retaliation) against
Teammates because they exercise their rights under the Act.
Pregnancy Accommodation
Teammates and applicants may request a reasonable accommodation for pregnancy, childbirth
or related medical conditions or breastfeeding. A reasonable accommodation will be provided
unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the Company’s business
operations.
Reasonable accommodations may include but are not limited to: more frequent or longer breaks;
time off for pre-birth complications or to recover from childbirth; the acquisition or modification of
equipment or seating; the temporary transfer to a less strenuous or hazardous position; other job
restructuring, such as light duty or a modified work schedule; avoidance of heavy lifting; relocation
of the Teammate’s work area; or the availability of private, non-bathroom space for the expression
of breast milk.
Teammates who take leave or are provided a temporary transfer as an accommodation under
this policy will be reinstated to their original job or to an equivalent position with equivalent pay,
accumulated seniority and retirement, benefits and other applicable service credits upon their
notification to the Company of their intent to return to work or when the Teammate’s need for a
reasonable accommodation ends.
The Company may require that Teammates provide a certification from their health care provider
regarding the medical advisability of a reasonable accommodation.
The Company will not take adverse employment actions against Teammates or applicants
because they request or use reasonable accommodations in accordance with this policy.
Teammates who have questions about this policy or who wish to request a reasonable
accommodation under this policy should contact their Human Resources representative.
Lactation Accommodation
The Company will provide reasonable daily breaks to accommodate a Teammate desiring to
express breast milk for the Teammate’s child. If possible, nursing mothers should take time to
express breast milk during their regular meal and/or rest breaks. If the break time cannot run
concurrently with the meal and/or rest breaks already provided to the Teammate, the break time
will be unpaid for nonexempt Teammates. Where these additional breaks are required,
Teammates should work with their supervisor regarding scheduling.
The Company will make reasonable efforts to provide Teammates with the use of a private, secure
and sanitary room in close proximity to the work area, other than a bathroom or toilet stall, for
Teammates to express milk. The location may include a childcare facility in close proximity to the
Teammate’s work location. Teammates should discuss with their supervisor, a Human Resources
representative the location to express their breast milk and for storage of expressed milk and to
make any other arrangements under this policy.
The Company strictly prohibits discrimination against or harassment of Teammates because they
are breastfeeding mothers and/or request or take breaks in accordance with this policy.
Family and Medical Leave
We recognize that a Teammate may need to be absent from work for an extended period of time
for family and/or medical reasons. Accordingly, the Company will grant time off to Teammates in
accordance with the requirements of the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (Fed-FMLA) and
the District of Columbia Family and Medical Leave Act (DC FMLA). Where both the Fed-FMLA
and DC FMLA apply, the leave provided by each will count against the Teammate’s entitlement
under both laws and must be taken concurrently. A Teammate who is eligible for leave under only
one of these laws will receive benefits in accordance with that law only.
The following policy addresses Teammate rights under the DC FMLA. Teammates should refer
to the Handbook for additional detail regarding the Fed-FMLA. All questions concerning this policy
should be directed to Human Resources.
DC FMLA Leave Entitlement and Eligibility
Teammates who have been employed by the Company for at least 12 consecutive or non-
consecutive months (including any holiday, sick or personal leave) in the seven years preceding
a leave request, worked for at least 1,000 hours during the 12-month period immediately
preceding a leave request and work in the District of Columbia are entitled to 16 workweeks of
unpaid family leave and 16 workweeks of unpaid medical leave within a 24-month period.
For purposes of this policy, a “serious health condition” means a physical or mental illness, injury,
or impairment that involves inpatient care in a hospital, hospice, or residential health care facility,
or continuing treatment or supervision at home by a health care provider or other competent
individual.
Terms of Family Leave
Family leave may be used for the birth of a child of the Teammate, the placement of a child with
the Teammate for adoption or foster care, placement of a child with the Teammate for whom the
Teammate permanently assumes and discharges parental responsibility or for the care of a family
member who has a serious health condition.
For purposes of this policy, a “family member” includes: (1) a person to whom the eligible
Teammate is related by blood, legal custody or marriage (including same-sex marriage); (2) foster
child; (3) a child who lives with an eligible Teammate and for whom the Teammate permanently
assumes and discharges parental responsibility; or (3) a person with whom the Teammate shares
or has shared, within the last year, a mutual residence and with whom the Teammate maintains
a committed relationship. A “child” includes a person under the age of 21, a person, regardless of
age, who is substantially dependent on the Teammate due to a physical or mental disability or a
person under the age of 23 who is a full-time student at an accredited college or university. A
“committed relationship” is a domestic partnership (as defined in section 2(4) of the Health Care
Expansion Act of 1992; D.C. Official Code § 32-701(4)).
If two family members are employed by the Company, the Company may limit the total number
of family leave workweeks to which the family members are entitled during the 24-month period
to 16 workweeks. The Company may also limit the number of workweeks to which family members
may take family leave simultaneously during the 24-month period to four workweeks.
The entitlement to family leave expires 12 months after the birth or placement of the child with the
Teammate.
Teammates must provide timely notice to their supervisor, either 30 days prior to the
commencement of the leave or as soon as possible prior to the date on which the Teammate
wishes the leave to begin if the leave was not foreseeable. If an emergency prevents the
Teammate from notifying the Company until the first day of leave, the Teammate must notify the
Company no later than two business days after the absence begins. In addition, Teammates must
make a reasonable effort to schedule planned medical treatment in a manner that does not disrupt
company operations.
When a Teammate’s covered family member has a serious health condition, leave may be taken
intermittently when medically necessary. With approval, family leave may be taken on a reduced
leave schedule, during which time the 16 workweeks of family leave may be taken over a period
not to exceed 24 consecutive workweeks.
Family leave is unpaid unless the Teammate elects to substitute paid time off, including paid sick
leave, if applicable. The use of paid time off or paid sick leave will count towards the Teammate’s
16 workweeks of family leave entitlement, however, such time will not extend the leave time
beyond 16 workweeks.
Terms of Medical Leave
If a Teammate becomes unable to perform the functions of his or her position because of a serious
health condition, he or she will be entitled to medical leave for the time that he or she is unable to
perform the functions, except that the leave must not exceed 16 workweeks during any 24-month
period. This leave may be taken intermittently when medically necessary.
If a Teammate takes leave because of his or her own health condition, the Company may request
that the Teammate temporarily transfer to an available alternative position which better
accommodates the recurring leave and has equivalent pay and benefits.
If the need for medical leave is foreseeable, Teammates must provide reasonable prior notice
and make a reasonable effort to schedule planned medical treatment in a manner that will not
disrupt company operations.
Medical leave is unpaid except that Teammates may elect to substitute paid medical or sick leave
and, with approval, may substitute accrued vacation, personal or compensatory time for any part
of the unpaid medical leave. The use of paid time off will count towards the Teammate’s 16
workweeks of medical leave entitlement.
Alternative Employment in Lieu of Leave
The Company may agree to allow alternative employment in lieu of leave for the duration of the
Teammate’s serious health condition. Any period of alternative employment will not count against
the 16 weeks of family or medical leave to which the Teammate is entitled. When a Teammate
who agreed to alternative employment becomes able to perform the duties of the original position,
the Teammate will be restored to that original position or an equivalent position with equivalent
employment benefits, pay, seniority and other terms and conditions of employment.
Medical Certification
Leave taken due to the serious health condition of a Teammate or covered family member must
be supported by a certification from a health care provider. Teammates seeking medical leave
must submit the certification within 15 days of receiving an eligibility letter. If the Company has
reason to doubt the validity of the certification provided by the Teammate, the Company may
require a second opinion from a health care provider approved by the Company and at the
Company’s expense. If the Teammate’s health care provider and the health care provider
providing the second opinion do not agree, the Company may require a third opinion, also at the
Company’s expense, performed by a mutually agreeable health care provider who will make the
final determination.
The Company may require recertification on a reasonable basis and, before permitting the
Teammate to return, may require the Teammate to provide medical certification that he or she is
able to return to work.
Benefits and Reinstatement
During family or medical leave, Teammates are entitled to the continuation of available group
health benefits under the same terms and conditions as if the Teammate had not taken leave. In
other words, the Teammate must continue to pay their portion of premium contributions during
the leave. Teammates are not entitled to accrue any seniority or employment benefits during
leave.
Upon return from leave, a Teammate usually will be restored to their prior position or to an
equivalent position with equivalent employment benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of
employment. A Teammate has no greater right to continued employment or reinstatement than if
the Teammate had been continuously employed. For example, employment may be terminated
in conjunction with a layoff or job elimination during a leave of absence the same as if the
Teammate was not on leave.
Certain highly compensated Teammates may be denied reinstatement if necessary to prevent
substantial economic injury to the Company’s operations.
Confidentiality
Documents relating to medical certifications or recertifications of Teammates or Teammates’
family members will be kept confidential.
Fraudulent Use of DC FMLA Prohibited
A Teammate who fraudulently obtains leave under this policy may be subject to disciplinary
action.
Nondiscrimination/Anti-Retaliation
The Company will not interfere, restrain or deny the exercise of any rights provided under this
policy. If a Teammate believes that his or her leave rights have been violated in any way, he or
she should immediately report the matter to Human Resources.
District of Columbia Paid Family Leave
In accordance with the District of Columbia’s Universal Paid Leave Amendment Act of 2016
(“UPLAA”), eligible Teammates are entitled to paid leave benefits (“DCPFL”) for parental leave to
bond with a new child, family leave to care for an ill family member with a serious health condition
or medical leave to care for the Teammate’s own serious health condition. DCPFL includes partial
wage replacement benefits that are provided through a Universal Paid Leave Implementation
Fund administered by the District of Columbia’s Department of Employment Services (“DOES”),
Office of Paid Family Leave (“OPFL”).
Teammate Eligibility
Covered Teammates are those: (1) who spend more than 50% of their work time for the Company
in the District of Columbia (“D.C.”); or (2) who have a position that is based in D.C. and regularly
spend a substantial amount of their work time for the Company in D.C. and not more than 50% of
their work time for the Company in another jurisdiction.
Covered Teammates become eligible for DCPFL benefits if they experience a qualifying event,
they do not perform their regular and customary work because of the occurrence of the qualifying
event, and they satisfy the following sets of criteria:
• The Teammate is employed by a covered employer at the time of application;
• The Teammate has earned income as a covered Teammate during at least one (1) of the
past five (5) completed quarters immediately preceding the qualifying event for which the
DCPFL claim is being submitted; and
• The Teammate’s wages were reportable to DOES by the covered employer.
Qualifying Reasons and Length Leave
Eligible Teammates can submit a claim to the OPFL for payment of DCPFL benefits for a period
during which they do not perform their regular and customary work following the occurrence of a
qualifying event through the DOES online portal. DCPFL benefits are generally available for the
qualifying reasons and, beginning October 1, 2022 in the amounts summarized below:
• Family Leave: Eligible Teammates can receive up to a maximum of 12 workweeks of
DCPFL benefits during a 52-workweek period when providing care or companionship to a
family member following the diagnosis or occurrence of the family member’s serious
health condition.
• Medical Leave: Eligible Teammates can receive up to a maximum of 12 workweeks of
DCPFL benefits within a 52-workweek period following the diagnosis or occurrence of the
Teammate’s own serious health condition.
• Parental Leave: Eligible Teammates can receive up to a maximum of 12 workweeks of
DCPFL benefits within a 52-workweek period for qualifying Parental Leave events,
meaning events (including bonding) associated with the birth of an eligible Teammate’s
child; the placement of a child with an eligible Teammate for adoption or foster care; or
the placement of a child with an eligible Teammate for whom the Teammate legally
assumes and discharges parental responsibility. DCPFL for Parental Leave must be taken
within 52 calendar weeks of the birth or placement of the child.
• Pre-natal Leave: Eligible Teammates can receive up to a maximum of two workweeks
of DCPFL benefits within a 52-workweek period for pre-natal medical care, meaning
routine and specialty appointments, exams and treatments associated with pregnancy that
are provided by a health-care provider, including, but not limited to, pre-natal check-ups,
ultrasounds, treatment for pregnancy complications, bedrest that is required or prescribed
by a health care provider and pre-natal physical therapy. Teammates are eligible to use
Pre-natal Leave once they have been diagnosed as pregnant by a healthcare provider
and prior to the occurrence of a qualifying Parental Leave event.
Teammates will typically receive a maximum of 12 workweeks of DCPFL during a 52 calendar
week period, regardless of the number of qualifying leave events that occur during that period.
However, within a 52-workweek period, an eligible Teammate can receive the maximum amount
of Pre-natal Leave and the maximum amount of Parental Leave available in the fiscal year during
which the individual files a claim for DCPFL benefits. However, an eligible Teammate cannot
receive any combination of Pre-natal Leave and Medical Leave that exceeds that maximum
duration of Medical Leave available for the fiscal year during which they file the claim for DCPFL
benefits.
The UPLAA does not provide eligible Teammates with job protection beyond that to which the
Teammate is entitled under the DC Family and Medical Leave Act (“DCFMLA”) or other applicable
D.C. or federal law.
For purposes of this policy, a “family member” includes a: (1) biological, adopted, or foster son or
daughter, stepson or stepdaughter, legal ward, a son or daughter of a domestic partner, or a
person to whom an eligible Teammate stands in loco parentis; (2) biological, foster, or adoptive
parent, parent-in-law, stepparent, legal guardian, or other person who stood in loco parentis to an
eligible Teammate when the Teammate was a child; (3) domestic partner or spouse; (4)
grandparent (i.e., the biological, foster, adoptive or step parent of the Teammate’s biological,
foster, adoptive or step parent); or (5) biological, half-, step-, adopted or foster sibling or sibling-
in-law.
A “serious health condition” means a physical or mental illness, injury, or impairment that requires
inpatient care in a hospital, hospice, or residential health care facility, or continuing treatment or
supervision at home by a health care provider or other competent individual, including the
occurrence of a stillbirth and the medical care related to a miscarriage. The term "treatment"
includes, but is not limited to, examinations to determine if a serious health condition exists and
evaluations of the condition. "Treatment" does not include routine physical examinations, eye
examinations, or dental examinations.
Intermittent Leave
Teammates can receive DCPFL benefits for leave taken on an intermittent basis in increments of
no less than one day. The total amount of DCPFL benefits for intermittent leave will not exceed
12 workweeks in a 52-workweek period for Family Leave, 12 workweeks in a 52-workweek period
for Medical Leave, or 12 workweeks in a 52-workweek period for Parental Leave. Teammates
seeking intermittent DCPFL will be required to inform DOES and the Company of the specific
dates on which they wish to claim DCPFL benefits.
Wage Replacement Benefits
Eligible Teammates can seek wage replacement benefits through a mandated DCPFL benefits
program. The DCPFL wage replacement benefits are calculated by DOES, not the Company, in
accordance with the following:
Eligible Teammate’s Weekly Wage Eligible Teammate’s Weekly Paid-
Leave Benefits
Average weekly wage equal to or less than Weekly paid-leave benefits equal 90% of
150% of DC’s minimum wage multiplied by the eligible Teammate’s average weekly
40 wage (up to maximum weekly benefit
amount)
Average weekly wage greater than 150% Weekly paid-leave benefits equal to 90%
of DC’s minimum wage multiplied by 40 of 150% of the DC minimum wage
multiplied by 40 plus 50% of the amount
the eligible Teammate’s weekly wage
exceeds 150% of DC’s minimum wage
multiplied by 40 (up to maximum weekly
benefit amount)
For claims with approved leave dates that began on or after October 1, 2022, the maximum
weekly benefit amount is $1,049. On October 1 of each successive year, the maximum weekly
benefit amount provided will increase in proportion to the annual average increase, if any, in the
Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers, Washington-Baltimore Metropolitan area.
DOES will pay eligible Teammates the benefits on a biweekly payment schedule. DOES
determines the days of the calendar week on which the biweekly payments will be made to eligible
Teammates. DOES also determines the methods of payment by which the eligible Teammates
will receive benefits.
Eligible individuals can receive retroactive paid-leave benefits, if they submit a claim within 30
calendar days after a qualifying leave event. This 30-calendar day limitation can be waived, if an
individual is unable to apply for benefits within that timeframe due to certain exigent
circumstances.
Requesting Leave
Teammates must, to the extent practicable, provide advance written notice to the Company of
their need to use DCPFL. When the need for leave is foreseeable, Teammates seeking DCPFL
must provide at least 10 days advance written notice to the Company. If the need for leave is
unforeseeable, Teammates must provide notice in writing, or verbally in exigent circumstances,
before the start of the work shift for which the paid leave is being used. In the case of an
emergency that prevents a Teammate from providing advance notice of the need for leave, the
eligible Teammate, or another individual acting on the Teammate’s behalf, must notify the
Company of the need for DCPFL within 48 hours of the emergency occurring. The notice should
explain the type of qualifying leave requested (i.e., Family Leave, Medical Leave, Parental Leave
or Pre-natal Leave), the expected duration of the DCPFL, the expected start and end dates of the
leave, and whether DCPFL benefits will initially be used continuously or intermittently. If notice is
provided verbally, the Teammate or individual acting on behalf of the Teammate should also
provide written notice of the need for leave as soon as practicable.
Teammates can find additional information about filing for DCPFL paid-leave benefits through the
OPFL’s website: dcpaidfamilyleave.dc.gov.
The OPFL is required to notify the Company within three business days of the Teammate’s filing
of a claim for paid leave benefits. No later than ten business days after an eligible individual files
a claim for benefits, the OPFL is required to make and notify the Teammate of an initial
determination as to:
• Whether the eligible Teammate may receive paid benefits;
• The weekly amount of paid benefits to the eligible Teammate;
• The date on which the payment will commence;
• The number of weeks for which the eligible Teammate will receive paid benefits and the
dates on which the corresponding payments shall be made; and
• The right to appeal to the Office of Administrative Hearings if an eligible Teammate does
not agree with one or more of the determinations made by the OPFL
If a Teammate is determined eligible to receive DCPFL benefits, the OPFL will make the first
payment within 10 business days of the determination of eligibility and subsequent payments will
be made biweekly thereafter.
It is the Teammate’s responsibility to maintain current contact information in the online portal.
Benefits
The Company will continue making contributions to Teammate group health benefits during
DCPFL on the same terms as if the Teammate had continued to actively work. This means that if
Teammates want their benefits coverage to continue during the DCPFL, they must also continue
to make the same premium payments that they are now required to make for themselves or their
dependents. Failure to make timely payments may result in termination of health insurance
coverage.
Effect on Other Rights and Paid Leave
When a Teammate is receiving DCPFL benefits during leave that is also protected leave under
the District of Columbia Family and Medical Leave Act (“DCFMLA”), the federal Family and
Medical Leave Act (“FMLA”) and/or any other federal or D.C. law, leave entitlements under those
laws will run concurrently with, and not in addition to, DCPFL. Teammates will not receive more
than the maximum leave available under those leave laws.
Teammates may be eligible for Company paid leave benefits in addition to those provided under
the UPLAA. Where applicable, these Company paid leave benefits will first run concurrently with
the leave entitlements under the UPLAA, DCFMLA, and the FMLA.
If Teammates are receiving long-term disability payments, they will not be eligible to receive the
benefits under the UPLAA. If Teammates are receiving temporary or short-term disability benefits
from an insurer, benefits or income available under the temporary or short-term disability
insurance policy will not be offset or reduced based on estimated or actual payment of DCPFL
benefits from the DOES.
Where time off qualifies as DCPFL, DCFMLA leave, or FMLA leave, Teammates can choose, but
are not required, to use available vacation, paid sick leave or other paid time off during some or
all of the leave.
Fraudulent Use of PFL Prohibited
It is unlawful for Teammates to provide intentionally false statements in order to obtain DCPFL
benefits, and Teammates who do so may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including
termination of employment.
Protected Rights
The Company takes its DCPFL obligations very seriously and will not interfere with, restrain, or
deny the exercise of any right protected under the UPLAA. The Company will not discriminate or
retaliate against any individual because that person uses or attempts to use DCPFL. The
Company will also not retaliate against any individual because he or she opposes any practice
made unlawful by UPLAA or gives any information or testimony in connection with an inquiry or
proceeding related to the UPLAA. If a Teammate believes that his or her UPLAA rights have been
violated in any way, he or she should immediately report the matter to Human Resources.
Teammates may also contact Human Resources with questions.
Time Off to Vote
The Company encourages all Teammates to fulfill their civic responsibilities and to vote in public
elections. The Company provides Teammates who are eligible to vote with up to two hours of
paid leave to vote in person in an election. Time off to vote will be provided only at the beginning
or end of the Teammate’s shift, unless the Company and the Teammate mutually agree to
different timing. Teammates intending to take leave to vote must provide reasonable advance
notice of the need for leave. The Company reserves the right to designate when the leave should
be taken (e.g., during a period designated for early voting instead of on Election Day or at the
beginning or end of the shift). Voting leave will be separate from and in addition to any other
accrued, available leave. The Company will not retaliate against Teammates for taking leave in
accordance with this policy.
Sick and Safe Leave
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick and safe leave in accordance with the
requirements of the Accrued Sick and Safe Leave Act (ASSLA) and the Earned Sick and Safe
Leave Amendment Act (ESSLA).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
The guidelines set forth in this policy do not supersede applicable federal law regarding leaves of
absence, including leave taken under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and/or as a
reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act or Americans with
Disabilities Act Amendments Act of 2008 or any other applicable federal or local law, including
those prohibiting discrimination and harassment.
Eligibility
All Teammates (whether full-time, part-time or temporary) who work in the District of Columbia
are eligible to accrue paid sick and safe leave.
Reasons Sick Time May be Used
Teammates may use accrued sick and safe leave for absences resulting from any of the following:
• The Teammate’s or eligible family member’s physical or mental illness, injury or medical
condition;
• To obtain professional medical diagnosis or care or preventive medical care for the
Teammate or eligible family member; or
• If the Teammate or eligible family member is a victim of stalking, domestic violence or
sexual abuse; provided that the absence is directly related to social or legal services
pertaining to the stalking, domestic violence or sexual abuse for the purpose of:
• Seeking medical attention for the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member to treat or
recover from physical or psychological injury or disability caused by the stalking, domestic
violence or sexual abuse;
• Obtaining services for the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member from a victim
services organization;
• Receiving psychological or other counseling services for the Teammate or the
Teammate’s family member;
• Temporarily or permanently relocating;
• Taking legal action, including preparing for or participating in any civil or criminal legal
proceeding relating to the stalking, domestic violence or sexual abuse incident; or
• Taking other actions that could be reasonably determined to enhance the physical,
psychological or economic health or safety of the Teammate or the Teammate’s family
member or the safety of those who work or associate with the Teammate.
Eligible family members include the Teammate’s: children (including stepchildren and foster
children), grandchildren, parents, parents-in-law, stepparents, spouse, spouses of children,
domestic partners, siblings and brothers- and sisters-in-law. A person with whom the Teammate
shares or has shared, for at least the 12 preceding months, a mutual residence and with whom
the Teammate maintains a committed relationship is also an eligible family member under this
policy, as is a child who lives with a Teammate and for whom the Teammate permanently
assumes and discharges parental responsibility.
Accrual of Leave
Teammates begin to accrue leave on their date of hire. Sick and safe leave is accrued at a rate
of one hour for every 37 hours worked, up to a maximum of seven days per calendar year. For
Teammates exempt under the federal Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), paid leave is not accrued
for any hours worked beyond 40 hours in a workweek.
Accrued, unused paid leave will carry over from year to year. However, once the maximum
amount of time has been accrued, no further sick and safe leave will accrue until previously
accrued leave is used. Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick time is not provided upon
separation from employment for any reason.
Teammates may not access paid sick and safe leave until after they have been employed by the
Company continuously for 90 days. Teammates who are transferred or leave the Company and
are rehired within one year of separation may be eligible for reinstatement of previously accrued
and unused leave and can immediately begin to accrue additional leave upon reemployment.
Requesting Leave
If the reason for leave is planned, Teammates must make a written request for leave at least 10
days in advance, or as early as possible. The written request must include a reason for the
absence involved and the expected duration of the paid leave. If the paid leave is unforeseeable,
Teammates must inform the Company before the start of the shift in which the leave is being
used. When the need for leave is because of emergency, Teammates must inform the Company
prior to the start of the next shift they are scheduled to work or within 24 hours of the onset of the
emergency, whichever is sooner.
Teammates must make a reasonable effort to schedule their leave in a way that does not disrupt
the Company’s business operations. When the reason for leave is a non-emergency situation
Teammates must consult with their supervisor about the date and time of their need for leave.
Leave Certification
The Company may require Teammates who are out on leave for three or more consecutive days
and seeking compensation to provide reasonable documentation supporting their request for
leave, such as a:
• Signed document from a health care provider;
• Police report indicating that the Teammate or family member was a victim of stalking,
domestic violence or sexual abuse;
• Court order indicating the Teammate or Teammate’s family member was the victim of
stalking, domestic violence or sexual abuse; or
• Signed statement from a victim and witness advocate or domestic violence counselor
affirming that the Teammate is involved in a legal action relating to the stalking, domestic
violence or sexual abuse or sought services related to the health or safety of the
Teammate or Teammate’s family member.
Teammates must provide the certification immediately upon return to work or within one business
day after returning.
Teammates are prohibited from using paid sick and safe time for improper purposes. The
Company may require more frequent certification from Teammates if there is a pattern of abuse
of paid leave suspected.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions
under certain federal, state and municipal laws. In certain situations, leave under this policy may
run at the same time as leave available under another federal or state law, provided eligibility
requirements for that law are met. The Company is committed to complying with all applicable
laws. Teammates should contact their Human Resources representative for information about
other federal, state and municipal medical or family leave rights.
Retaliation
The Company will not retaliate or tolerate retaliation against any Teammate who seeks or obtains
leave under this policy or who makes a good faith complaint (including the filing of a lawsuit or
cooperating in any investigation or prosecution) about a violation of either the ASSLA or the
ESSLA, or who communicates with any person about such a violation. In addition, the Company
will not retaliate against any Teammate who informs another person about their rights under either
the ASSLA or the ESSLA.