ILLINOIS SUPPLEMENT
Equal Employment Opportunity
As set forth in the Handbook, the Company is committed to equal employment opportunity and to
compliance with federal antidiscrimination laws. We also comply with Illinois law, which prohibits
discrimination and harassment against any Teammates or applicants for employment based on
their actual or perceived race (including traits associated with race, such as hair texture and
protective hairstyles (e.g., braids, locks and twists)), color, sex (including married women and
unmarried mothers), religion, age (40 or older), national origin, ancestry, marital status, protective
order status, disability, military status, unfavorable discharge from military service, sexual
orientation (including actual or perceived orientation and gender identity), citizenship status or
work authorization status, genetic information, ancestry, pregnancy (including childbirth or
medical or common conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth, past pregnancy condition and
the potential or intention to become pregnant), certain arrest or criminal history records,
homelessness (i.e., lack of a permanent mailing address or a mailing address that is a shelter or
social services provider) and use of lawful products outside of work during nonworking hours. The
Company will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based upon these characteristics or any
other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
The Company also complies with the Illinois law that restricts the circumstances under which
employers may base employment-related decisions on an individual’s credit report or credit
history and with the Illinois law prohibiting sexual harassment of unpaid interns.
Sexual and Other Prohibited Harassment
The Company is committed to providing a work environment free of harassment. The Company
complies with Illinois law and maintains a strict policy prohibiting sexual harassment and unlawful
discrimination against Teammates or applicants for employment based on their actual or
perceived race (including traits associated with race, such as hair texture and protective hairstyles
(e.g., braids, locks and twists)), color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related
medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age (40 or over), marital status, physical or mental
disability, military status, sexual orientation (actual or perceived), gender identity, unfavorable
discharge from military service, or citizenship status. The Company will not tolerate discrimination
or harassment based upon these characteristics or any other characteristic protected by
applicable federal, state or local law. The Company’s anti-harassment policy applies to all persons
involved in its operations, including contractors or consultants, and prohibits harassing conduct
by any Teammate of the Company, including supervisors, managers and nonsupervisory
Teammates. This policy also protects Teammates from prohibited harassment by third parties,
such as customers, vendors, clients, visitors, or temporary or seasonal workers.
All Teammates are expected to comply with the Company’s Sexual and Other Prohibited
Harassment policy as set forth in the Handbook. While the Sexual and Other Prohibited
Harassment policy sets forth the Company’s goals of promoting a workplace that is free of
harassment, the policy is not designed or intended to limit the Company’s authority to discipline
or take remedial action for workplace conduct that we deem unacceptable, regardless of whether
that conduct satisfies the definition of unlawful harassment.
Any Teammate who is found to have engaged in discriminatory or harassing conduct will be
subject to appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination. Retaliation against
anyone reporting acts of harassment or discrimination, participating in an investigation, or helping
others exercise their right to complain about discrimination is unlawful and will not be tolerated.
In addition to the complaint procedures set forth in the Handbook, any Teammate who believes
they have been harassed or discriminated against may file a complaint with the Illinois Department
of Human Rights (IDHR).
The IDHR may be reached at the following locations:
Chicago Office: 555 West Monroe Street, Suite 700, Chicago, Illinois 60661, telephone
number (312) 814-6200, (866) 740-3953 (TTY), fax number (312) 814-6251.
Springfield Office: 524 S. 2nd Street, Suite 300, Springfield, Illinois 62701, telephone
number (217) 785-5100, (866) 740-3953 (TTY), fax number (217) 785-5106.
Website: www.illinois.gov/dhr. Email: IDHR.Intake@illinois.gov.
The Teammate may also report their concerns to the IDHR’s Illinois Sexual Harassment and
Discrimination Helpline at (877) 236-7703.
Sexual and Other Prohibited Harassment [Chicago Teammates]
Sexual harassment is illegal in Chicago, in addition to being unlawful under state and federal laws.
The Company is committed to providing a work environment free of harassment. The Company
complies with Illinois and Chicago law and maintains a strict policy prohibiting sexual harassment
and unlawful discrimination against Teammates or applicants for employment based on their
actual or perceived race (including traits associated with race, such as hair texture and protective
hairstyles (e.g., braids, locks and twists)), color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and
related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age (40 or over), marital status, parental
status, physical or mental disability, military status, sexual orientation (actual or perceived),
gender identity, unfavorable discharge from military service, lawful source of income or citizenship
status. The Company will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based upon these
characteristics or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. The
Company’s anti-harassment policy applies to all persons involved in its operations, including
contractors or consultants, and prohibits harassing conduct by any Teammate of the Company,
including supervisors, managers and nonsupervisory Teammates. This policy also protects
Teammates from prohibited harassment by third parties, such as customers, vendors, clients,
visitors, or temporary or seasonal workers.
Under the Municipal Code of Chicago, “sexual harassment” is defined as any:
• Unwelcome sexual advances or unwelcome conduct of a sexual nature; or
• Sexual misconduct, which means any behavior of a sexual nature which also involves
coercion, abuse of authority, or misuse of an individual’s employment position; or
• Requests for sexual favors or conduct of a sexual nature when:
• Submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of an
individual’s employment;
• Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as the basis for any
employment decision affecting the individual; or
• Such conduct has the purpose or effect of substantially interfering with an individual’s work
performance or creating an intimidating, hostile, or offensive working environment.
Conduct that may be considered sexual harassment includes, but is not limited to:
• Repeated, unwelcome sexually suggestive comments, gestures, emails, or pictures.
• Unwelcome physical contact of a sexual nature.
• Requests for sexual favors in exchange for an employment benefit such as a raise or
promotion.
• Subtle or direct threats that a sexual or personal relationship is required for employment,
promotion, or other favorable treatment in the workplace.
All Teammates are expected to comply with the Company’s Sexual and Other Prohibited
Harassment policy set forth in the Handbook. While the Sexual and Other Prohibited Harassment
policy sets forth the Company’s goals of promoting a workplace that is free of harassment, the
policy is not designed or intended to limit the Company’s authority to discipline or take remedial
action for workplace conduct that we deem unacceptable, regardless of whether that conduct
satisfies the definition of unlawful harassment.
All Teammates are required to participate in sexual harassment prevention training and bystander
training on an annual basis.
Any Teammate who is found to have engaged in discriminatory or harassing conduct will be
subject to appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination. Retaliation against
anyone reporting acts of harassment or discrimination, participating in an investigation, or helping
others exercise their right to complain about discrimination or harassment is unlawful under
Chicago, Illinois and federal laws and will not be tolerated.
In addition to the complaint procedures set forth in the Handbook, any Teammate who believes
they have been harassed or discriminated against may file a complaint with the Illinois Department
of Human Rights (IDHR) and/or the Chicago Commission on Human Relations (CCHR).
The IDHR may be reached at the following locations:
Chicago Office: 555 West Monroe Street, Suite 700, Chicago, Illinois 60661, telephone
number (312) 814-6200, (866) 740-3953 (TTY), fax number (312) 814-6251.
Springfield Office: 524 S. 2nd Street, Suite 300, Springfield, Illinois 62701, telephone
number (217) 785-5100, (866) 740-3953 (TTY), fax number (217) 785-5106.
Website: www.illinois.gov/dhr. Email: IDHR.Intake@illinois.gov.
The Teammate may also report their concerns to the IDHR’s Illinois Sexual Harassment and
Discrimination Helpline at (877) 236-7703.
The CCHR’s office is located at 740 N. Sedgwick, 4th floor, Chicago, IL 60654, telephone number
(312) 744-4111, (312) 744-1088 (TTY), fax number (312) 744-1081. The CCHR website is
https://www.chicago.gov/city/en/depts/cchr.html
Pregnancy Accommodation
Teammates and applicants for employment may request a reasonable accommodation for
pregnancy, childbirth or related medical or common conditions to enable them to perform the
essential functions of their job. In accordance with the Illinois Human Rights Act, a reasonable
accommodation will be provided unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship to
the Company’s ordinary business operations.
Reasonable accommodations may include but are not limited to: more frequent or longer
bathroom, water or rest breaks; assistance with manual labor; light duty; temporary transfer to a
less-strenuous or -hazardous position; acquisition or modification of equipment; reassignment to
a vacant position; private, non-restroom space for expressing breast milk and breastfeeding; job
restructuring; a part-time or modified work schedule; appropriate adjustment to or modification of
examinations, training materials or policies; seating; an accessible worksite; and time off to
recover from conditions related to childbirth or a leave of absence necessitated by pregnancy,
childbirth or medical or common conditions resulting from pregnancy or childbirth.
Teammates who take leave as an accommodation under this policy will be reinstated to their
original job or to an equivalent position with equivalent pay, seniority, benefits and other terms
and conditions of employment upon their notification to the Company of their intent to return to
work or when the Teammate’s need for a reasonable accommodation ends. Reinstatement is not
required, however, if an undue hardship would result to the company’s business operations.
The Company may request certain documents from the individual’s health care provider regarding
the need for an accommodation. It is the Teammate’s or applicant’s duty to provide requested
documentation to the Company.
The Company will not deny employment opportunities or take adverse employment actions
against Teammates or otherwise qualified applicants for employment based on the need to make
such reasonable accommodations, nor will the Company retaliate against applicants or
Teammates who request accommodations or otherwise exercise their rights under the Illinois
Human Rights Act.
Teammates who have questions about this policy or who wish to request a reasonable
accommodation under this policy should contact their Human Resources representative.
Religious Accommodation
Teammates and applicants for employment may request a reasonable accommodation for their
sincerely held religious beliefs, practices, and/or observances, including but not limited to the
wearing of any attire, clothing, or facial hair in accordance with the requirements of their religion.
In line with the Illinois Human Rights Act, a reasonable accommodation will be provided unless
such accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the conduct of the Company’s
business.
The Company will not deny employment opportunities or take adverse employment actions
against Teammates or otherwise qualified applicants for employment based on the need to make
such reasonable accommodations, nor will the Company retaliate against applicants or
Teammates who request accommodations or otherwise exercise their rights under the Illinois
Human Rights Act. Teammates who have questions about this policy or who wish to request a
reasonable accommodation under this policy should contact their Human Resources
representative.
Meal Breaks
Teammates who work a shift of between seven and one-half consecutive hours and twelve
consecutive hours will be provided one 20-minute meal break, to begin no later than five hours
after the start of work. Teammates who work a shift of between twelve and sixteen and one-half
consecutive hours will be provided two 20-minute meal breaks, with the first to begin no later than
five hours after the start of work. The second break will generally be taken after the beginning of
the twelfth hour of work. Teammates who work more than sixteen and one-half consecutive hours
of work will be provided a third 20-minute meal period, and Teammates who work a shift in excess
of twenty-one consecutive hours of work will be provided a fourth 20-minute meal period. During
the break, Teammates will be relieved of all duties. Reasonable time using restroom facilities will
not be considered a meal period.
An uninterrupted meal break lasting 30 or more minutes will be unpaid. All nonexempt Teammates
must record their meal breaks.
Teammates who are unable to take all of the meal breaks to which they are entitled in accordance
with this policy, or who have been prevented or discouraged from taking a break to which they
are entitled under this policy, should notify a Human Resources representative immediately and,
if possible, prior to the beginning of the fifth hour of work or other applicable time frames.
All Teammates, both exempt and non-exempt, are provided meal breaks in accordance with this
policy. The Company does not require exempt Teammates to record meal periods, but exempt
Teammates who feel that they are being prevented from taking meal breaks are required to notify
a Human Resources representative in accordance with the preceding paragraph.
Paid Sick Leave (Cook County) [Accrual Method]
The Company provides eligible Teammates with sick leave pursuant to the Cook County Earned
Sick Leave Ordinance (the “Ordinance”). The guidelines in this policy do not supersede federal,
state or local laws regarding leaves of absence, including but not limited to leave taken under the
Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), leave taken under the Illinois Victims’ Economic Security
and Safety Act, leave taken as a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA) or the Illinois Human Rights Act (IHRA), or any other applicable federal,
state or local law, including those prohibiting discrimination and harassment.
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligible Teammates
All Teammates, whether full-time, part-time or temporary, who, in any particular two-week period,
perform at least two hours of work for the Company while physically present within the geographic
boundaries of Cook County are entitled to paid sick leave under this policy.
Teammates are not eligible to use accrued paid sick leave until they work at least 80 hours for
the Company, regardless of location, in any 120-day period after the Teammate’s start of
employment.
Accrual and Use of Sick Leave
Eligible Teammates begin accruing paid sick leave on July 1, 2017, or the first calendar day after
the start of their employment, whichever is later. Teammates who were already working for the
Company outside of Cook County on July 1, 2017, begin accruing paid sick leave on the date on
which the Teammate works for the Company for two hours in Cook County in any particular two-
week period.
Teammates accrue one hour of paid sick leave for every 40 hours worked within the geographic
boundaries of Cook County, up to a maximum of 40 hours in a 12-month accrual period. This 12-
month accrual period begins on the date the Teammate starts accruing paid sick leave.
Teammates will not accrue paid sick leave for work performed outside of the geographic
boundaries of Cook County or within the geographic boundaries of a municipality that has lawfully
opted out of the Ordinance.
Teammates accrue paid sick leave in one-hour increments and may not accrue in any fraction of
an hour.
For accrual purposes, exempt Teammates are assumed to work 40 hours per workweek, unless
their normal workweek is fewer than 40 hours per week, in which case paid sick leave accrues
based upon the Teammate’s normal workweek hours. Nonexempt Teammates accrue paid sick
leave based on all hours worked, including overtime.
Teammates may use accrued paid sick leave on the date the Teammate has worked 80 hours
within a 120-day period or on the Teammate’s 180th calendar day after employment begins,
whichever is later. Thereafter, Teammates may use the leave as it accrues. Except as otherwise
provided in this policy, Teammates may use no more than 40 hours of accrued paid sick leave
during any 12-month accrual period, without regard to whether the hours were earned in the
current 12-month accrual period or carried over from the prior accrual period.
Teammates may use paid sick leave in one hour increments only. Teammates may use accrued
paid sick leave in any location where the Teammate works for the Company.
Teammates are not required to search for or find a replacement worker as a condition of using
paid sick leave. Teammates are also not required to use paid sick leave if the Teammate has
been suspended or otherwise placed on leave for disciplinary reasons. Additionally, Teammates
are not required to work an alternate shift to make up for any paid sick leave use.
Reasons Paid Sick Leave May Be Used
Paid sick leave may be used for the following reasons:
• The Teammate or the Teammate’s family member is ill or injured; is receiving medical
care, medical treatment, medical diagnosis or preventative medical care; or needs to
recuperate;
• The Teammate or the Teammate’s family member is the victim of domestic violence,
sexual violence or stalking; or
• A public official closes the Teammate’s place of business because of a public health
emergency, or the Teammate needs to care for a child after a public official has closed
the child’s school or place of care because of a public health emergency.
For purposes of this policy, “family member” includes the Teammate’s:
• Child (including a biological child, adopted child, stepchild, foster child and child to whom
the Teammate stands in loco parentis);
• Legal guardian or ward;
• Spouse;
• Domestic partner (including a party to a civil union);
• Parent (including a biological parent, adoptive parent, foster parent, stepparent, person
who stood in loco parentis when the Teammate was a minor child and spouse or domestic
partner’s parent);
• Sibling;
• Grandparent;
• Grandchild; and
• Any other individual related by blood or whose close association with the Teammate
equates to a family relationship.
Additionally, if a Teammate is eligible for leave under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act
(“FMLA”), paid sick leave may be used for any reason that a Teammate can take job-protected
leave pursuant to the FMLA. A Teammate’s use of paid sick leave for FMLA purposes runs
concurrently with the Teammate’s use of leave under the FMLA.
Rate of Pay for Paid Sick Leave
Paid sick leave is paid based on the Teammate’s normal hourly rate. If the Teammate uses paid
sick leave during hours that would have been designated as overtime, the Company will not pay
the Teammate the overtime rate of pay.
To the extent the Teammate is eligible for other Company-provided benefits, including but not
limited to paid time off, the Company will compensate the Teammate with these additional benefits
in the same manner and to the same extent as if the Teammate had performed regular work
instead.
Paid sick leave will be paid no later than the next regular payroll period beginning after the paid
sick leave was used by the Teammate.
Requesting Sick Leave/Documentation
When the need for paid sick leave is reasonably foreseeable, Teammates must provide seven
days’ notice of the need for sick leave. A reasonably foreseeable absence includes, but is not
limited to, any non-emergency, prescheduled appointment with a health care provider for the
Teammate or the Teammate’s family member and any non-emergency, prescheduled court date
in a case related to domestic violence, sexual violence or stalking of a Teammate or the
Teammate’s family member. To provide notice of the need to use sick leave, Teammates should
contact their Human Resources representative.
If the need for paid sick leave is unforeseeable, Teammates must provide notice as soon as
practicable on the day the Teammate intends to take the paid sick leave. Teammates may provide
notification of their need for unforeseeable leave via phone, e-mail or text message, and the
Company will accept notice from any other person providing such notice on the Teammate’s
behalf.
These notice requirements are waived in the event a Teammate is unable to provide the required
notice because they are unconscious or otherwise incapacitated.
If paid sick leave is used for more than three consecutive workdays, the Company may require
that the Teammate provide certification that the leave was used for a covered purpose. A
Teammate can satisfy this requirement by providing documentation signed by a licensed health
care provider. However, if the need for leave is due to domestic violence or a sex offense, the
Teammate can meet the certification requirement by providing a copy of any of the following
documents:
• Police report;
• Court document;
• Signed statement from an attorney, a clergy member or a victim services advocate;
• The Teammate’s own sworn declaration;
• The sworn declaration of any person with knowledge of the circumstances; or
• Any other evidence that supports the Teammate’s reason for taking paid sick leave.
The Company does not require any documentation to reveal the nature of any illness or injury or
to describe the details of any domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking.
The Company will not delay the use of paid sick leave or payment of wages due during a paid
sick leave absence on the basis that the Company has not yet received the required
documentation outlined above. However, the Teammate may be subject to discipline, including
termination, for failure to provide the necessary documentation where the Company has given
the Teammate a reasonable period of time to produce the requested documentation.
Carryover
Accrued but unused paid sick leave may be carried over from year to year. At the end of the
Teammate’s 12-month accrual period, the Teammate may carry over half of their accrued but
unused paid sick leave, up to a maximum of 20 hours, into the following 12-month accrual period
to be used for paid sick leave purposes only (“Ordinance-Restricted Paid Sick Leave”).
Additionally, if a Teammate is eligible for FMLA leave, the Teammate may carry over up to 40
hours of any remaining accrued but unused paid sick leave to be used for FMLA-eligible purposes
only (“FMLA-Restricted Paid Sick Leave”). These hours will not be divided in half. However, under
no circumstances will the Teammate be permitted to carry over more than 40 hours of FMLA-
Restricted Paid Sick Leave or more than 20 hours of Ordinance-Restricted Paid Sick Leave into
the following 12-month accrual period. If the Teammate carries over the maximum allowable 40
hours of FMLA-Restricted Paid Sick Leave from the previous 12-month accrual period and then
uses all 40 of these hours during the current 12-month accrual period, the Company will allow the
Teammate to use up to an additional 20 hours of Ordinance-Restricted Paid Sick Leave during
the current 12-month accrual period (for a total maximum of 60 hours of paid sick leave used
during the accrual period).
In addition, if it is clear that the Teammate is ineligible to take FMLA leave at any time during the
accrual period to which accrued but unused paid sick leave is being carried over (e.g., the
Teammate works too few hours to qualify for FMLA leave), the Teammate will not be allowed to
carry over any FMLA-Restricted Paid Sick Leave from the Teammate’s current 12-month accrual
period to the next 12-month accrual period].
Teammates are allowed to carry over unused paid sick leave only in hourly increments (not
fractional). If the Teammate’s amount of carryover hours results in a fraction, it will be rounded up
to the next whole number (e.g., 4.5 hours of carryover will round up to five hours).
Paid sick leave will not be paid out in lieu of use or carryover.
Separation From Employment and Rehire
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick leave is not provided upon separation from
employment for any reason.
If a Teammate is rehired more than 120 days after separation, the Company will not restore any
unused sick leave the Teammate may have had at separation. The Teammate must re-establish
coverage and eligibility.
A Teammate rehired within 120 days after separation is considered to have continued their
employment with the Company for purposes of determining whether they are a covered
Teammate, whether they are eligible to use paid sick leave and whether they have met the
Company’s 180-day waiting period.
Confidentiality
The Company will keep confidential any medical documentation regarding leave use, in
accordance with federal, state and local law.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for issues related to domestic violence under certain federal, state and municipal laws. In certain
situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another
federal, state, or municipal law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The
Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their
Human Resources representative for information about other federal, state, and municipal
medical, domestic violence or family leave rights.
While the Company will not forbid or require a Teammate to take paid sick leave, the Company
may require a Teammate to use accrued paid sick leave when the Teammate can do so instead
of taking an unpaid absence from work.
No Discrimination or Retaliation
The Company will not retaliate or discriminate against any Teammate for exercising their rights
under the Ordinance or for participating as a party or witness in a case alleging a violation of the
Ordinance that is or was pending before the Cook County Commission on Human Rights.
Paid Sick Leave (Chicago) [Accrual Method]
The Company provides eligible Teammates with sick leave pursuant to the Chicago Minimum
Wage and Paid Sick Leave Ordinance (the Ordinance). The guidelines in this policy do not
supersede federal, state or local laws regarding leaves of absence, including but not limited to
leave taken under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), Illinois Employee Sick Leave Act,
leave taken as a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) or
the Illinois Human Rights Act (IHRA), or any other applicable federal, state or local law, including
those prohibiting discrimination and harassment.
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law
Eligible Teammates
All Teammates, whether full-time, part-time or temporary, who work at least two hours within any
two-week period in the City of Chicago are covered under this policy. Teammates who work 80
hours in any 120-day period are eligible to use paid sick leave.
Accrual and Use of Sick Leave
Covered Teammates begin accruing paid sick leave on July 1, 2017, or their first calendar day
after the start of their employment, whichever is later. Teammates accrue one hour of paid sick
leave for every 40 hours worked within the City of Chicago, up to a maximum of 40 hours in a 12-
month accrual period. This 12-month accrual period begins on the date the Teammate starts
accruing paid sick leave.
Teammates accrue paid sick leave in one-hour increments and may not accrue in any fraction of
an hour. Teammates will not accrue paid sick leave during any paid or unpaid leave of absence.
Teammates may use paid sick leave in one hour increments.
Exempt Teammates who receive a salary accrue one hour of paid sick leave for each week of
employment unless the Teammate’s salaried position is for an amount different from 40 hours per
week, in which case the Teammate will accrue one hour of paid sick leave for every 40 hours
worked.
Eligible Teammates may not use accrued paid sick leave until the 180th calendar day following
the start of employment. Thereafter, Teammates may use the leave as it accrues. Teammates
may use a maximum of 40 hours of accrued paid sick leave during each 12-month accrual period.
FMLA-eligible Teammates may use a maximum of 60 hours of accrued paid sick leave during
each 12-month period. This includes 40 hours of accrued but unused paid sick leave for FMLA-
eligible purposes only (“FMLA-Restricted Paid Sick Leave”) and 20 hours of regular paid sick
leave.
Teammates are not required to seek or find a Teammate to cover their work when they take paid
sick leave.
Teammates will not accrue paid sick leave during an unpaid leave of absence or while using paid
leave.
Reasons Sick Leave May Be Used
• Paid sick leave may be used for the following reasons:
• The Teammate is ill or injured or is receiving professional care, including preventive care,
diagnosis, or treatment, for medical, mental or behavioral issues, including substance
abuse disorders;
• The Teammate’s family member is ill or injured, or ordered to quarantine, or requires care
because they are receiving professional care, including preventive care, diagnosis, or
treatment for medical, mental or behavior issues, including substance abuse disorders;
• The Teammate or a family member is the victim of domestic violence, human trafficking
or a sex offense (including stalking, aggravated stalking or cyber stalking);
• A public official closes the Teammate’s place of business because of a public health
emergency;
• The Teammate needs to care for a family member whose school, class or place of care
has been closed; and
• A Teammate obeys an order issued by the mayor, the Governor of Illinois, the Chicago
Department of Public Health, or a treating healthcare provider, requiring the Teammate
to:
Stay at home to minimize the transmission of a communicable disease;
o
Remain at home while experiencing symptoms or sick with a communicable
o
disease;
Obey a quarantine order issued to the Teammate; or
o
Obey an isolation order issued to the Teammate.
o
Eligible family members include the Teammate’s:
• Child (including a biological child, adopted child, stepchild, foster child and child to whom
the Teammate stands in loco parentis);
• Legal guardian or ward;
• Spouse;
• Domestic partner;
• Parent (including a biological parent, adoptive parent, foster parent, stepparent, legal
guardian of the Teammate, a person who stood in loco parentis when the Teammate was
a minor child, and spouse or domestic partner’s parent);
• Co-parent
• Sibling;
• Grandparent;
• Grandchild;
• Godparent;
• Godchild; and
• Any other individual related by blood or whose close association with the Teammate
equates to a family relationship.
Payment of Paid Sick Leave
Paid sick leave will be paid no later than the next regular payroll period beginning after the paid
sick leave was used by the Teammate.
Requesting Sick Leave/Documentation
When the need for paid sick leave is reasonably foreseeable, Teammates must provide seven
days’ notice of the need for sick leave. Reasonably foreseeable absences include but are not
limited to prescheduled appointments with health care providers for the Teammate or a family
member and court dates in domestic violence cases. To provide notice of the need to use sick
leave, Teammates should contact their Human Resources representative.
If the need for paid sick leave is unforeseeable, Teammates must provide notice as soon as
practicable on the day the Teammate intends to take the paid sick leave. Teammates may
provide notification of their need for unforeseeable leave via phone, email or text message. These
notice requirements are waived in the event a Teammate is unable to provide the required notice
because they are unconscious or otherwise incapacitated.
If paid sick leave is used for more than three consecutive workdays, the Company may require
that the Teammate provide certification that the paid sick leave was used for a covered purpose.
A Teammate can satisfy this requirement by providing documentation signed by a licensed health
care provider. However, for leave related to domestic violence or a sex offense, the Teammate
may provide a copy of any of the following documents:
• Police report;
• Court document;
• Signed statement from an attorney, clergy or victim services advocate;
• The Teammate’s own written statement;
• The written statement of any person with knowledge of the circumstances; or
• Any other evidence that supports the Teammate’s reason for taking paid sick leave.
Carryover
Accrued but unused paid sick leave may be carried over from year to year. At the end of the
Teammate’s 12-month accrual period, the Teammate may carry over half of their accrued but
unused paid sick leave, up to a maximum of 20 hours. If a Teammate has an odd number of
accrued but unused paid sick leave hours, the number will be rounded up to the next even number
for purposes of calculating the number of hours for carryover (e.g., nine hours will be rounded up
to ten hours, so the Teammate may carry over five hours of accrued but unused paid sick leave
in into the next 12-month accrual period). Additionally, FMLA-eligible Teammates may carry over
up to 40 hours of accrued but unused paid sick leave for FMLA-Restricted Paid Sick Leave. These
hours will not be divided in half. However, under no circumstances will the Teammate be permitted
to carry over more than 40 hours of FMLA-Restricted Paid Sick Leave or more than 20 hours of
regular paid sick leave into the following 12-month accrual period. Teammates may use no more
than 60 total hours of combined regular paid sick leave and FMLA-Restricted Paid Sick Leave per
12-month period.
Separation From Employment and Rehire
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick time is not provided upon separation from
employment for any reason.
If a Teammate is separated from employment with the Company but rehired at a later date, the
Company has sole discretion in determining whether previously accrued but unused paid sick
leave will be available for the Teammate’s use.
Confidentiality
The Company will keep confidential any medical documentation regarding leave use, in
accordance with federal, state and local law.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for issues related to domestic violence under certain federal, state, and municipal laws. In certain
situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another
federal, state, or municipal law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The
Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their
Human Resources representative for information about other federal, state, and municipal
medical, domestic violence or family leave rights.
No Discrimination or Retaliation
The Company will not retaliate or discriminate against any Teammate for exercising, or attempting
in good faith to exercise, their rights under this Ordinance, including but not limited to, disclosing,
reporting, or testifying about any violation of this Ordinance or its regulations.
Sick Leave to Care for Relatives
Teammates may use paid or unpaid personal sick leave benefits provided by the Company (not
including short or long-term disability, an insurance policy, or other comparable benefit plans or
policies) for absences due to the illness, injury, medical appointment or personal care of a covered
relative, on the same terms that the Teammate is able to use personal sick leave benefits for the
Teammate’s own illness or injury. Personal care of a covered relative includes: (a) activities to
ensure that the relative’s basic medical, hygiene, nutritional, or safety needs are met, or to provide
transportation to medical appointments, for a relative who is unable to meet their own needs; or
(b) being physically present to provide emotional support to a relative with a serious health
condition who is receiving inpatient or home care. Covered relatives include the Teammate’s
child, stepchild, spouse, domestic partner, sibling, parent, mother-in-law, father-in-law,
grandchild, grandparent, or stepparent.
The Company may, at its sole discretion, limit the use of an eligible Teammate’s sick time to care
for a relative under this policy to what the Teammate would earn or accrue in six months, or half
of the Teammate’s maximum annual grant of personal sick leave benefits.
The Company may request written verification of the Teammate’s absence from a health care
professional. The Company will not discharge, threaten to discharge, demote, suspend, or in any
manner discriminate against Teammates for requesting or using personal sick leave benefits in
accordance with this policy, or who attempt in good faith to exercise their rights under the law.
Teammates with questions or concerns regarding this policy or who would like to request a leave
of absence under this policy should contact Human Resources.
Mandatory Time Off/Day of Rest
The Company will provide nonexempt, nonsupervisory Teammates working more than 20 hours
per week with at least one day (24 consecutive hours) of rest during every consecutive seven-
day period. Certain exceptions may apply, including for watchmen or security guards; Teammates
working in agriculture or coal mining; Teammates engaged in canning and processing of
perishable agricultural products on a part-time or seasonal basis; and Teammates whose services
are needed to prevent injury or damage in case of machinery breakdown or other emergency.