LOUISIANA SUPPLEMENT
Pregnancy and Lactation Accommodation
Teammates have the right to be free from discrimination based on medical needs arising from
pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions that are known to the Company. For purposes
of this policy “related medical conditions” include, but are not limited to, lactation for up to one
year after the child’s birth and medical conditions related to pregnancy and childbirth.
The Company will provide a reasonable accommodation for an applicant or Teammate with
medical needs causing limitations arising from pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions,
so long as the Company knows of the limitation(s) and the reasonable accommodation does not
impose an undue hardship on the Company’s business.
Reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to:
• Making existing facilities used by Teammates readily accessible to an applicant or
Teammate with covered limitations (though employers are not required to construct a
permanent, dedicated space for expressing breast milk);
• Providing scheduled and more frequent or longer compensated break periods;
• Providing more frequent bathroom breaks;
• Providing a private place, other than a bathroom stall, for the purpose of expressing breast
milk;
• Modifying food or drink policy;
• Providing seating or allowing the Teammate to sit more frequently if the job requires the
Teammate to stand;
• Providing assistance with manual labor and limits on lifting;
• Temporarily transferring the Teammate to a less strenuous or hazardous vacant position,
if qualified;
• Providing job restructuring or light duty, if available;
• Acquiring or modifying equipment or devices necessary for performing essential job
functions; or
• Modifying work schedules.
Unless the Company does so or would do so for other Teammates or classes of Teammates who
need a reasonable accommodation, accommodation under this policy does not include creating
any additional employment opportunity or new position, including a light duty position for the
Teammate; discharging a Teammate; transferring any Teammate with more seniority or
promoting another Teammate who is not qualified to perform the job; or constructing a permanent,
dedicated space for expression of breast milk.
The Company will not deny employment opportunities or take adverse action against an applicant
or Teammate because they request or use reasonable accommodations in accordance with this
policy. Teammates with questions or concerns regarding this policy or who would like to request
an accommodation should contact Human Resources.
Genetic Testing and Preventive Cancer Screening Leave
When medically necessary, Teammates will be allowed up to one day of unpaid leave to obtain
genetic testing and/or preventive cancer screenings.
Teammates must provide at least 15 days’ advance notice and make a reasonable effort to
schedule the leave so as to not unduly disrupt Company operations. Teammates may be required
to provide supporting documentation confirming that the genetic testing or cancer screening
occurred.
Leave for genetic testing or cancer screening is generally unpaid, except that exempt Teammates
will be paid when required under applicable law and all Teammates may elect to use any accrued
vacation time or other appropriate paid leave.
When applicable, leave taken under this policy will run concurrently with any other leave for which
the Teammate is eligible including leave under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act.