MAINE SUPPLEMENT
Sexual and Other Prohibited Harassment
The Company is committed to providing a work environment free of harassment. Sexual
harassment and harassment based on race, color, sex (including pregnancy and related medical
conditions), sexual orientation (including gender identity or expression), physical or mental
disability, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, HIV/AIDS status, genetic information,
membership in the National Guard or U.S. reserves or because the Teammate filed a claim or
asserted a right under Maine’s Workers’ Compensation Act or Whistleblowers’ Protection Act are
unlawful in the workplace. The Company will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on
these characteristics or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
All Teammates are expected to comply with the Company’s Sexual and Other Prohibited
Harassment policy as set forth in the Handbook. While the Sexual and Other Prohibited
Harassment policy sets forth the Company’s goals of promoting a workplace that is free of
harassment, the policy is not designed or intended to limit the Company’s authority to discipline
or take remedial action for workplace conduct that we deem unacceptable, regardless of whether
that conduct satisfies the definition of unlawful harassment.
Any Teammate who is found to have engaged in discriminatory or harassing conduct will be
subject to appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination. Retaliation against
anyone reporting acts of harassment or discrimination or anyone participating in an investigation
into such a report will not be tolerated.
In addition to the complaint procedures set forth in the Handbook, any Teammate who believes
they have been harassed or discriminated against, or who is aware of harassment or
discrimination against others, should immediately provide a written or verbal report to their
supervisor/manager, any other member of management or Human Resources, or by accessing
the Ethics Hotline to report such incidents. To access the Ethics Hotline or to learn more
information about this avenue of reporting, please visit EthicsPoint or call 888-325-7882.
Teammates who believe they have been harassed or discriminated against may also file a formal
complaint with The Maine Human Rights Commission (MHRC). The MHRC may be reached at
51 State House Station, Augusta, ME 04333-0051 or by telephone at (207) 624-6290 or fax at
(207) 624-8729.
Whistleblower Protections
The Company will not take any adverse employment action against any Teammate, or otherwise
retaliate against any Teammate, because:
• The Teammate, acting in good faith, or a person acting on behalf of the Teammate, reports
orally or in writing to the Company or a public body what the Teammate reasonably
believes to be a violation of federal, state or local law;
• The Teammate, acting in good faith, or a person acting on behalf of the Teammate, reports
to the Company or a public body, orally or in writing, what the Teammate reasonably
believes to be a condition or practice that jeopardize the Teammate’s health or safety or
the health or safety of others;
• The Teammate is requested to participate in an investigation, hearing or inquiry held by a
public body or in a court action;
• The Teammate, acting in good faith, has refused to carry out a directive to engage in
activity that would be a violation of federal, state or local law or that would expose the
Teammate or others to a condition that would result in serious injury or death. This
provision applies only if the Teammate sought from the Company and was unable to obtain
correction of the illegal activity or dangerous condition.
• The Teammate complies with legal requirements regarding the disclosure of known or
reasonably suspected abuse, neglect or exploitation of a child or an incapacitated or
dependent adult.
Teammates who wish to report such violations should contact their supervisor, Human
Resources, or the Company’s ethics hotline. Teammates should also consult the Reporting and
Anti-Retaliation Policy in the Handbook related to discrimination, harassment or retaliation for
further information about reporting potential misconduct and protections from retaliation.
Under the Maine Whistleblower’s Protection Act, Teammates are protected from retaliation for
disclosures made to a public body only if they first bring the alleged violation, condition or practice
to the attention of a person having supervisory authority within the Company and allow the
Company a reasonable opportunity to correct the violation, condition or practice. There is an
exception, however, to this internal disclosure requirement if the Teammate has specific reason
to believe that reports to the Company will not result in promptly correcting the violation, condition
or practice.
Meal Breaks
Nonexempt Teammates who work six or more continuous hours will be provided at least a 30-
minute break. Teammates must not perform any work during the break. This break can be used
as a meal time.
An uninterrupted 30-minute meal break will be unpaid. All nonexempt Teammates must record
their meal breaks.
Teammates who are unable to take all of the meal breaks to which they are entitled in accordance
with this policy, or who have been prevented or discouraged from taking a break to which they
are entitled under this policy, should immediately notify a supervisor or a Human Resources
representative.
Maine’s meal break law contains an exception for places of employment where fewer than three
Teammates are on duty at one time, and the nature of the work done by Teammates allows them
frequent breaks during their work day.
Use of Paid Leave to Care for Family Members
Teammates may use accrued paid leave (e.g., vacation, sick leave) otherwise provided by the
Company to care for an ill immediate family member. For purposes of this policy, an “immediate
family member” means the Teammate’s child, spouse or parent. Teammates may only use 40
hours of accrued paid leave during a 12-month period for this purpose. This policy does not entitle
Teammates to leave that has not otherwise been earned in accordance with existing Company
policy.
The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against Teammates for exercising their rights under
this policy.
Teammates with questions or concerns regarding this policy or who would like to request a leave
should contact Human Resources.
Earned Paid Leave [10+ Teammates in Maine]
The Company provides earned paid leave to eligible Teammates in compliance with the
requirements of Maine’s Earned Paid Leave Law (EPLL).
This policy only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave or vacation policy. Teammates who
receive sufficient time under those policies do not receive additional time under this
policy, unless required by law.
Eligibility
All Teammates (including full-time, part-time and per diem Teammates) who work in Maine and
are covered under Maine’s unemployment insurance law are generally eligible to accrue earned
paid leave. There is an exception for certain seasonal Teammates.
Accrual of Earned Paid Leave
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue earned paid leave on January 1, 2021, or upon their first day
of employment, whichever is later. Eligible Teammates accrue one hour of earned paid leave for
every 40 hours worked, up to a maximum of 40 hours of earned paid leave in a year of
employment. For purposes of this policy, “year of employment” means a period of 365 (366 in a
leap year) consecutive days beginning with the Teammate’s first day of employment and any
subsequent 365-day (or 366 in a leap year) period beginning on either:
• The anniversary date of the Teammate’s start of employment; or
• A different date selected by the Company that results in at least the same amount of
earned paid leave as the anniversary date.
Eligible Teammates who have worked for the Company for at least 120 days prior to January 1,
2021, can use earned paid leave as it accrues. All other eligible Teammates may begin using
earned paid leave once they have been employed by the Company for 120 days during a one-
year period.
A Teammate’s use of earned paid leave is limited to 40 hours per calendar year thereafter. Paid
Leave can be used in increments of one hour. Teammates may use earned paid leave for any
reason.
Requesting Paid Leave
When the need for leave is reasonably foreseeable, Teammates must provide at least four weeks
of advance notice. When the need for leave is not reasonably foreseeable (i.e., in the case of an
emergency, illness or other sudden necessity), Teammates must make a good faith effort to
provide as much notice as is feasible under the circumstances. To provide notice of the need to
use earned paid leave, Teammates should contact their supervisor and specify that they are using
earned paid leave.
Teammates should make reasonable efforts to schedule foreseeable earned paid leave in a
manner that does not impose an undue hardship on Company operations.
Rate of Pay
Earned paid leave is paid based on the Teammate’s regular rate of pay during the week
immediately prior to the leave taken.
Leave Carryover
Any unused, accrued, earned paid leave, up to a maximum of 40 hours, may be carried over from
one year of employment to the next year of employment, but with an overall cap of 40 hours of
earned paid leave per year of employment. Therefore, once a Teammate has a bank of 40 hours
of earned paid leave in a year of employment, no additional leave will accrue in that year.
The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual paid leave.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates. In certain situations, leave under
this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another federal or state law,
provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company is committed to complying
with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their Human Resources representative for
information about other federal or state leave rights.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused earned paid leave is not provided upon separation from
employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired within one year of separation, any previously
unused earned paid leave hours will be reinstated.
Retaliation
The Company will not deny a Teammate the right to use available earned paid leave in
accordance with the ESLL and will not retaliate or tolerate retaliation against any Teammate
because the Teammate uses earned paid leave in accordance with this policy.