MARYLAND SUPPLEMENT
Reasonable Accommodation for Pregnant Teammates
Pregnant Teammates who have a temporary disability (as defined under Maryland law) that is
caused or contributed to by pregnancy, may request the following accommodations: (1) changing
of job duties; (2) relocating a work area; (3) providing mechanical or electrical aids; (4) transferring
to a less strenuous or less hazardous position; (5) temporary change in work hours; or (6)
providing leave.
After a Teammate has made a request for accommodation under this policy, she and the
Company will engage in an interactive process to determine what accommodation, if any, may be
appropriate.
A Teammate requesting an accommodation under this policy may be required to provide a health
care provider’s certification that includes the date the accommodation became medically
advisable, the probable duration of the accommodation and an explanatory statement as to the
medical advisability of the accommodation.
Teammates with questions or concerns regarding this policy or who would like to request an
accommodation should contact Human Resources.
Lactation Accommodation [Baltimore]
In accordance with the Baltimore City Lactation Accommodation Ordinance (the “Lactation
Accommodation Ordinance”), the Company will provide a reasonable amount of break time to
accommodate a Teammate desiring to express breast milk for the Teammate’s child.
If a Teammate otherwise receives any paid rest or break time, the lactation break time should, to
the extent possible, run concurrently with that paid break time. If the break time cannot run
concurrently with any paid rest or break time already provided to the Teammate, the break time
will be unpaid for nonexempt Teammates.
Lactation Location
Upon request, the Company will provide a lactation location (other than a bathroom or closet) that
is in close proximity to the Teammate’s work area. The lactation location may be the place where
the Teammate normally works if it otherwise meets the requirements of the Lactation
Accommodation Ordinance.
The lactation location will shield occupants from view and intrusion by coworkers and others and
will be safe, clean and free of toxic or hazardous materials. The lactation location will contain a
surface on which to place a breast pump and other personal items, a place to sit and at least one
electrical outlet. A sink with running hot and cold water and a refrigerator in which the Teammate
can store breast milk will either be present in the lactation location itself or at another location that
is within close proximity to the Teammate’s work area. Access to the lactation location will be
limited by a door that can be locked from the inside.
A designated lactation location may also be used for other purposes. However, throughout the
period when a Teammate needs to express milk, the primary function of the space will be its use
as a lactation location. Teammates who might otherwise wish to use the designated space should
be aware that its primary function is to serve as a lactation location (when applicable), which takes
precedence over all other uses. Teammates who have questions or concerns related to lactation
location scheduling should contact Human Resources.
Requesting a Lactation Accommodation
Baltimore Teammates have a legal right to request a lactation accommodation. To request a
lactation accommodation, Teammates should complete a Lactation Accommodation Request
Form and submit the form to Human Resources via email. The Company will respond to the
Teammate’s request within five business days and will engage in an interactive process to
determine lactation break periods and an appropriate lactation location.
If the Company does not provide lactation breaks or a lactation location, or provides a lactation
location that does not fully comply with the BLAO or asserts a waiver or variance for undue
hardship, the Company will describe, in a written response to a lactation accommodation request,
the specific bases for which the Company has done so.
Teammates should contact Human Resources with any follow-up inquiries.
Retaliation Prohibited
Under the Lactation Accommodation Ordinance, employers who do not provide lactation breaks
or a lactation location, provide a lactation location that does not fully comply with the law or assert
a waiver or variance from the lactation accommodation requirements are required to describe, in
a written response to the Teammate’s request for accommodation, the specific bases for not
providing the accommodation. The Company will not demote, terminate or otherwise retaliate
against a Teammate who requests or makes use of the accommodations and break time
described in this policy or otherwise exercises rights conferred by the Lactation Accommodation
Ordinance. Any Teammate who believes she has experienced a violation of the Lactation
Accommodation Ordinance or this policy can report their concerns to their supervisor, Human
Resources or the Company’s ethics hotline. Teammates can also file a complaint regarding
alleged violations of the Lactation Accommodation Ordinance with the Baltimore Community
Relations Commission.
Use of Paid Leave to Care for Family Members or Bereavement
Teammates may use available earned paid leave to take time off to care for an immediate family
member who is sick under the same conditions and policy rules that would apply if the Teammate
took leave for their own illness. Teammates can also use available paid leave for bereavement
leave upon the death of an immediate family member. or for bereavement leave upon the death
of an immediate family member.
For purposes of this policy, "immediate family member" means a child (adopted, biological, foster
or stepchild or a legal ward), spouse or parent. In the case of leave to care for a sick family
member, "child" means a child who is under the age of 18 years or who is at least 18 years old
and incapable of self-care due to a mental or physical disability. For bereavement leave, a "child"
means a child of any age.
To the extent that a Teammate has more than one form of paid leave available, the Teammate
has the right to elect the type and amount of paid leave to be used. However, for purposes of this
policy, paid leave does not include short-term disability leave, other disability benefits, workers’
compensation or similar benefits.
The Company will not discharge, demote, suspend, discipline or discriminate against Teammates
because they request or take leave in accordance with this policy, oppose a practice prohibited
by the Maryland Flexible Leave Act or bring a charge or participate in an investigation or
proceeding related to a violation of that Act.
Parental Leave
The Company will permit eligible Teammates to take up to six workweeks of unpaid leave in a 12-
month period for the birth of the Teammate’s child or for the placement of a child with the
Teammate for adoption or foster care.
The Company may deny any leave request if the denial is necessary to prevent substantial and
grievous economic injury to the Company’s business operations and the Company notifies the
Teammate of the denial before the Teammate starts their leave.
To the extent leave under this policy also qualifies as leave under the Family and Medical
Leave Act, any similar state or local law or Company policy, all leaves will run concurrently.
Leave Eligibility
To be eligible for parental leave, as of the date leave begins, Teammates must be employed with
the Company for at least 12 months and for 1,250 hours during the previous 12 months.
Additionally, Teammates must work at a worksite where the Company employs at least 15
Teammates within a 75-mile radius.
Notice Requirements
Before using parental leave time, Teammates must provide the Company with at least 30 days’
written notice of their intent to take parental leave, except that no prior notice is required following
a premature birth or the unexpected placement of an adopted or foster child.
Compensation And Benefits
While parental leave is unpaid, Teammates must substitute any accrued paid time off, if
applicable, for any part or all of the parental leave period.
The Company will maintain Teammates’ group health insurance coverage during the leave period
under the same terms and conditions that would have applied had the leave not been taken. If
Teammates fail to return to work after leave, the Company may seek to recover any premiums
paid for maintaining coverage by deducting the amount from the Teammate’s final wages, unless
the Teammate’s failure to return to work was due to circumstances beyond his or her control.
Reinstatement
Teammates who return to work after taking parental leave will be restored to the job they held at
the time the leave began or to an equivalent position with equivalent benefits, pay and other terms
and conditions of employment. The Company may deny reinstatement if the denial is necessary
to prevent substantial and grievous economic injury to the Company’s business operations. If the
Company determines that it must deny reinstatement for this reason, it will notify the Teammate.
Additionally, the Company will, during the parental leave period, terminate an eligible Teammate’s
employment only for cause.
No Retaliation
The Company will not terminate or otherwise discriminate against Teammates for requesting or
taking parental leave, making a complaint to the Company, Secretary of Labor or another person
or for bringing or participating in an action relating to a violation of this policy or the Maryland
Parental Leave Act.
Paid Sick, Safe and Parental Leave [Maryland]
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick, safe and parental leave in accordance
with the requirements of the Maryland Healthy Working Families Act (“HWFA”).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
Teammates who regularly work 12 or more hours per week are generally eligible to accrue paid
sick, safe and parental leave for hours worked in Maryland.
Accrual and Use of Sick, Safe and Parental Leave
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick, safe and parental leave on February 11, 2018, or
their date of hire, whichever is later. Paid sick, safe and parental leave generally accrues at a rate
of one hour for every 30 hours worked, up to a maximum annual accrual of 40 hours in a single
calendar year.
Exempt Teammates are assumed to work the number of hours worked in a normal workweek, up
to 40 hours each workweek.
Eligible Teammates may not use accrued sick, safe and parental leave until after their 106th
calendar day of employment.
Paid sick, safe and parental leave may be used in increments of one hour. Eligible Teammates
may use up to 64 hours of paid sick, safe and parental leave in any calendar year.
Teammates are not required to search for or find a Teammate to cover their work when they take
sick, safe and parental leave and are not required to offer or accept an offer of additional hours
or a trade in shifts to make up for the use of such time. Paid sick, safe and parental leave taken
in accordance with this policy will not be counted as an absence or occurrence that may result in
discipline, termination or other adverse employment action.
Reasons Paid Sick, Safe and Parental Leave May Be Used
Teammates may use sick, safe and parental leave for the following reasons:
• To care for or treat the Teammate’s or his or her family member’s mental or physical
illness, injury or condition;
• To obtain preventive medical care for the Teammate or his or her family member; or
• For maternity or paternity leave.
Teammates may also use paid sick, safe and parental leave if the Teammate or a family member
is a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking and needs time off to:
• Obtain medical or mental health attention related to the domestic violence, sexual assault
or stalking;
• Obtain services from a victim services organization;
• Temporarily relocate due to domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking; or
• Obtain legal services, including legal proceedings related to or resulting from the domestic
violence, sexual assault or stalking.
For purposes of this policy, "family members" include a:
• Child (including a biological, adopted, foster or stepchild, a legal ward of the Teammate
or Teammate’s spouse, or a child for whom the Teammate has legal or physical custody
or guardianship or for whom the Teammate stands in loco parentis, regardless of the
child’s age);
• Parent (including a biological, adoptive, foster or stepparent of the Teammate or the
Teammate’s spouse; a legal guardian; or a person who acted as a parent or stood in loco
parentis to the Teammate or Teammate’s spouse when they were minors);
• Spouse;
• Sibling (including a biological, adopted or foster sibling or a stepsibling);
• Grandparent (including a biological, adoptive, foster grandparent or step-grandparent); or
• Grandchild (including a biological, adoptive, foster or step-grandchild).
Requesting Sick, Safe and Parental Leave/Documentation
If the need for sick, safe and parental leave is foreseeable, Teammates must provide notice up to
seven days before the leave would begin, unless they learn of the need to use leave within a
shorter period. If the need for sick, safe and parental leave is unforeseeable, Teammates should
provide notice as soon as practicable after the need for leave arises. To provide notice of the
need to use sick, safe and parental leave, Teammates should contact their supervisor.
If sick, safe and parental leave is used for more than two consecutive scheduled shifts, the
Company may require that Teammates provide reasonable documentation to verify that the leave
time is used appropriately. Teammates are not required to disclose specific details of their own
mental or physical illness, injury, or condition or that of a family member.
Failure to comply with these notice and documentation requirements may result in the denial of a
leave request.
Rate of Pay
Sick, safe, and parental leave is paid at the same rate, and with the same benefits, the Teammate
normally earns.
Leave Carryover
Teammates who have accrued sick, safe and parental leave remaining at the end of the calendar
year may carry over up to 40 hours of the accrued and unused time to the next year. However,
Teammates may not use more than 64 hours of sick, safe and parental leave in a calendar year.
In addition, once a Teammate has a bank of 64 hours of sick, safe and parental leave, no further
sick, safe and parental leave will accrue until previously accrued leave is used.
The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual sick, safe and parental leave.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates related to medical concerns or
the birth or placement of a child under certain federal, state and municipal laws. In certain
situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another law,
provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company is committed to complying
with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their Human Resources representative for
information about other federal, state and municipal medical or family leave rights.
Separation From Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused sick, safe and parental leave is not provided upon
separation from employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired by the Company within 37
weeks after separation from employment, previously accrued but unused sick, safe and parental
leave will be immediately reinstated.
Retaliation
The Company will not retaliate or tolerate retaliation against any Teammate who, in good faith,
reports an alleged violation of the HWFA or otherwise exercises his or her rights under the HWFA.
Teammates are, however, prohibited from making complaints, bringing an action or testifying in
an action related to the HWFA in bad faith.
Paid Sick, Safe and Parental Leave [Montgomery County, MD]
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick, safe and parental leave in accordance
with the requirements of the Montgomery County Earned Sick and Safe Leave Law (“ESSLL”).
The company also complies with Maryland’s Healthy Working Families Act (“HWFA”) and will
comply with all applicable requirements of the HWFA that are more favorable to Teammates.
Eligibility
Teammates who have a regular work schedule and regularly work in Montgomery County (the
“County”) more than eight hours per week are eligible to accrue paid sick, safe and parental leave.
Eligible Teammates do not include those who do not have a regular work schedule with the
Company, are not employed by a temporary placement agency, contact the Company for work
assignments and are scheduled for work assignments within 48 hours after making contact, and
only have an obligation to work if they contact the Company for assignments.
Accrual of Sick, Safe and Parental Leave
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick, safe and parental leave on October 1, 2016, or the
Teammate’s date of hire, whichever is later. Sick, safe and parental leave is accrued at a rate of
one hour for every 30 hours worked in the County, up to a maximum accrual of 56 hours a single
calendar year. Exempt Teammates are assumed to work the number of hours worked in a normal
workweek, up to 40 hours per workweek.
Although Teammates accrue sick, safe and parental leave starting from the date of hire, eligible
Teammates may not use accrued leave until after the Teammate’s 90th calendar day of
employment.
Paid sick, safe, and parental leave may be used in increments of one hour. Eligible Teammates
may use up to 80 hours of paid sick, safe and parental leave in any calendar year.
Teammates are not required to find a Teammate to cover their work when they take sick and safe
leave and are not required to work an alternate shift to make up for the use of such time.
Reasons Sick, Safe and Parental Leave May Be Used
Teammates may use sick, safe and parental leave for the following reasons:
• To care for or obtain treatment for the Teammate’s mental or physical illness, injury, or
condition;
• To obtain preventive medical care for the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member;
• To care for the Teammate’s or family member’s mental or physical illness, injury or
condition
• For the birth of a child, or for the placement of a child with the Teammate for adoption or
foster care;
• To care for a newborn, newly adopted, or newly placed child within one year of birth,
adoption or placement;
• If the Teammate’s place of business is closed or the school or child care center of the
Teammate’s family member has been closed by order of a public official due to a public
health emergency; or
• To care for a family member if a health official or health care provider has determined that
the family member’s presence in the community would jeopardize others’ health because
of the family member’s exposure to communicable disease.
Teammates may also use paid sick, safe and parental leave if the Teammate or a family member
is a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking and needs time off to:
• Obtain medical attention needed to recover from a physical or psychological injury caused
by domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking;
• Obtain services from a victim services organization;
• Temporarily relocate due to domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking; or
• Obtain legal services, including preparing for or participating in any civil or criminal legal
proceeding related to domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking.
For purposes of this policy, "family members" include a:
• Spouse;
• Biological, adopted, or foster child; stepchild; or a child for whom the Teammate has legal
or physical custody or guardianship or for whom the Teammate is a primary caregiver;
• Biological, adoptive, or foster parent of the Teammate or Teammate’s spouse; stepparent;
legal guardian; or person who served as the Teammate’s primary caregiver when the
Teammate was a minor;
• Sibling (including a biological, adopted, or foster sibling and the spouse of a sibling); and
• Grandparent (including a grandparent’s spouse) or grandchild.
Requesting Leave/Documentation
Teammates must provide notice of the need to use sick, safe and parental leave and the expected
duration of the leave as soon as possible. To provide notice of the need to use leave, Teammates
should contact their Human Resources representative.
If sick, safe, and parental leave is used for more than three consecutive workdays, the Company
may require that Teammates provide reasonable documentation to verify that the leave time is
used appropriately. Teammates are not required to disclose specific details of their own mental
or physical illness, injury, or condition or that of a family member.
Rate of Pay
Sick, safe, and parental leave is paid at the same rate, and with the same benefits, the Teammate
normally earns.
Leave Carryover
Teammates who have accrued sick, safe and parental leave remaining at the end of the calendar
year may carry over up to 56 hours of accrued and unused time to the next calendar year.
However, Teammates may not use more than 80 hours of sick, safe and parental leave in a
calendar year.
The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual sick, safe and parental leave.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates related to medical concerns or
the birth or placement of a child under certain federal, state, and municipal laws. In certain
situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another law,
provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company is committed to complying
with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their Human Resources representative for
information about other federal, state, and municipal medical or family leave rights.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused sick, safe and parental leave is not provided upon
separation from employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired by the Company to work in
Montgomery County within nine months of separation from employment, previously accrued but
unused sick, safe, and parental leave will be immediately reinstated, unless the Teammate
voluntarily left employment without good cause.
Retaliation
Individuals have the right to file a complaint regarding a violation of the ESSLL with the
Montgomery County Office of Human Rights. The Company will not retaliate or tolerate retaliation
against any Teammate who, in good faith, exercises this or any other right under the ESSLL.
Cell Paid Family and Medical Leave Program – Maryland’s Time to Care Act (TTCA)