MASSACHUSETTS SUPPLEMENT
Sexual and Other Prohibited Harassment
The Company is committed to providing a work environment free of harassment. The Company
complies with Massachusetts law and maintains a strict policy prohibiting sexual harassment and
harassment against Teammates or applicants for employment based on race, color, natural or
protective hairstyles, religious creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical
conditions), gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental
disability, age (40 and over), military status, certain criminal records, genetic information or
testing, HIV testing, a personal admission to a facility for the care and treatment of a mentally ill
person and taking of parental leave. The Company will not tolerate discrimination or harassment
based upon these characteristics or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state
or local law.
All Teammates are expected to comply with the Company’s Sexual and Other Prohibited
Harassment policy, as set forth in the Handbook. While the Sexual and Other Prohibited
Harassment policy sets forth the Company’s goals of promoting a workplace that is free of
harassment, the policy is not designed or intended to limit the Company’s authority to discipline
or take remedial action for workplace conduct that we deem unacceptable, regardless of whether
that conduct satisfies the definition of unlawful harassment.
Any Teammate who believes that he or she has been harassed or discriminated against should
provide a written or verbal report to his or her supervisor, another member of management, to
Human Resources as soon as possible. The responsibility to investigate complaints of
harassment has been assigned to their supervisor/manager, any other member of management
or Human Resources, or by accessing the Ethics Hotline to report such incidents. To access the
Ethics Hotline or to learn more information about this avenue of reporting, please visit EthicsPoint
or call 888-325-7882. Teammates who believe they have been harassed or discriminated against
may also file a formal complaint with either or both of the government agencies listed below:
The Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination (MCAD) is the state agency
responsible for handling complaints of harassment, including sexual harassment. The
MCAD can be reached at the following locations:
Boston Office: One Ashburton Place, Sixth Floor, Room 601, Boston, MA 02108,
telephone number (617) 994-6000
Springfield Office: 436 Dwight Street, Second Floor, Suite 220, Springfield, MA 01103,
telephone number (413) 739-2145
Worcester Office: 484 Main Street, Room 320, Worcester, MA 01608, telephone
number (508) 453-9630
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) is the federal agency that
investigates harassment claims, including claims of sexual harassment. The EEOC can be
reached at:
John F. Kennedy Federal Building, Government Center, 475 Government Center,
Boston, MA 02203, telephone number (800) 669-4000.
Complaints filed with the MCAD and the EEOC must be filed within 300 days of the incident giving
rise to the claim.
Pregnancy and Lactation Accommodation
Teammates and applicants with needs related to pregnancy, childbirth or related conditions
(including lactation), may request a reasonable accommodation to enable them to perform their
job. A reasonable accommodation may include, but is not limited to, the following: more frequent
or longer breaks; acquisition or modification of equipment or seating; assistance with manual
labor; job restructuring; light duty; private non-bathroom space for expressing breast milk;
modified work schedules; temporary transfers to a less strenuous or hazardous position; or time
off to attend to a pregnancy complication or recover from childbirth. The Company will provide a
reasonable accommodation for needs related to pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical
condition so long as the requested accommodation does not impose an undue hardship on the
Company’s program, enterprise or business.
The Company will not deny employment opportunities or take adverse employment action against
otherwise qualified applicants or Teammates who request or use such reasonable
accommodations. Teammates who take leave as an accommodation under this policy will be
reinstated to their original job or to an equivalent position with equivalent pay, seniority, benefits
and other terms and conditions of employment upon their notification to the Company of their
intent to return to work or when the Teammate’s need for a reasonable accommodation ends.
The Company may require that Teammates provide documentation about the need for a
reasonable accommodation, or the need to extend an accommodation, from an appropriate health
care or rehabilitation professional. The Company will not require such documentation when the
requested accommodation is more frequent restroom, food and water breaks; seating; private
non-bathroom space for expressing breast milk or limits on lifting over 20 pounds.
Teammates who have questions about this policy or who wish to request leave or other
reasonable accommodations under this policy should contact their Human Resources
representative. When a Teammate makes a request for a reasonable accommodation, the
Company and Teammate will engage in a timely, good faith and interactive process to determine
an effective reasonable accommodation.
Meal Breaks
Teammates who work six or more continuous hours will be provided at least a 30-minute meal
break. Teammates must not perform any work during the meal break and are free to leave the
workplace premises. Teammates are expected to return to work promptly at the end of every meal
break.
An uninterrupted 30-minute meal break will be unpaid for nonexempt Teammates. All nonexempt
Teammates must record their meal breaks.
Teammates who are unable to take all of the meal breaks to which they are entitled in accordance
with this policy, or who have been prevented or discouraged from taking a break to which they
are entitled under this policy, should immediately notify a supervisor, a Human Resources
representative.
Paid Sick Time
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick time in accordance with the
requirements of the Massachusetts Earned Sick Time Law (ESTL).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
All Teammates (whether full-time, part-time, temporary or seasonal Teammates) whose primary
place of work is in Massachusetts, are eligible to accrue paid sick time.
Accrual of Sick Time
Eligible Teammates will begin to accrue paid sick time on July 1, 2015, or the Teammate’s first
day of actual work, whichever is later. Sick time accrues at a rate of one hour of paid sick time for
every 30 hours worked, up to a maximum accrual of 40 hours in a single calendar year.
For accrual purposes, salaried exempt Teammates will be assumed to work 40 hours in a week
unless the Teammate’s regular workweek is less than 40 hours, in which case sick time accrues
based upon that regular workweek. Nonexempt Teammates accrue paid sick leave on all hours
worked, including overtime hours. Teammates do not accrue sick time for hours during which they
are not working, such as vacation, paid time off or while using paid sick time.
The Company’s calendar year starts on January 1 of each year.
Eligible Teammates may not use accrued paid sick time until 90 days after the Teammate’s first
day of actual work.
Reasons Sick Time May be Used
Sick time may be used only for the following reasons:
• To care for the Teammate’s child, spouse or parent who is suffering from a physical or
mental illness, injury or medical condition that requires home care, professional medical
diagnosis or care or preventative medical care;
• To care for the Teammate’s own physical or mental illness, injury or medical condition that
requires home care, professional medical diagnosis or care or preventative medical care;
• To attend the Teammate’s routine medical appointment or a routine medical appointment
for the Teammate’s child, spouse or parent;
• To address the psychological, physical or legal effects of domestic violence against the
Teammate or Teammate’s child; or
• To travel to and from an appointment, pharmacy or other location necessary for the
purposes of the sick time.
For purposes of this policy, a “parent” includes a biological, adoptive, foster or stepparent of a
Teammate or a Teammate’s spouse, or another person who assumed the responsibilities of
parenthood when the Teammate or Teammate’s spouse was a child. Also, for purposes of this
policy, a “child” includes a biological, adopted or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward or a child
for whom the Teammate has assumed the responsibilities of parenthood.
Teammates can use sick time in increments of one hour.
Requesting Sick Time and Documentation
Except in cases of emergency, Teammates must provide advance notice of the need to use paid
sick time. If the need for paid sick time is foreseeable, Teammates must make a good faith effort
to provide notice seven days in advance of the need for leave, unless they learn of the need to
use sick time within a shorter period. If the need for sick time is unforeseeable, Teammates
should make reasonable efforts to provide notice.
For multi-day absences, Teammates must provide notice of the expected duration of the sick
time. If the expected duration is unknown, Teammates (or their spouse, adult family member or
other responsible party) must provide notice of the need to use sick time on a daily basis, unless
doing so is unreasonable under the circumstances.
Teammates taking leave under this policy are not required to search for or find a replacement
Teammate to cover the periods of time for which they are absent from work.
To provide notice of the need to use sick time, Teammates should contact their Human Resources
representative.
Teammates are required to personally verify in writing or via e-mail that they have used sick time
for an allowable purpose. Teammates may be required to provide supporting documentation
from a health care provider, or some other form of appropriate certification, that the use of paid
sick time was for an authorized purpose when paid sick time use:
• Exceeds 24 consecutive scheduled work hours;
• Exceeds three consecutive days on which the Teammate was scheduled to work;
• Occurs within two weeks before a Teammate’s final scheduled day of work before
termination (except for temporary workers);
• Occurs after four unforeseeable and undocumented absences within a three-month
period; or
• Is by a minor Teammate and occurs after three unforeseeable and undocumented
absences within a three-month period.
Such certification must be provided within seven days after the leave, unless the Teammate can
show good cause why more time is needed. Teammates may submit their documentation in
person or by any reasonable method, including e-mail. If a Teammate unreasonably fails to
comply with the documentation requirement, the Company will deduct the amount paid for sick
time from future pay, as an overpayment. Under some circumstances, Teammates may also be
required to provide a fitness-for-duty certification, work release or other medical certification
before returning to work.
Leave Carryover
Teammates who have accrued sick time remaining at the end of the year may carry over up to 40
hours of the accrued and unused time to the next calendar year. However, Teammates may not
use more than 40 hours of sick time in a calendar year. In addition, once a Teammate has a bank
of 40 hours of sick time, no further sick leave will accrue until previously accrued sick leave is
used.
The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual sick time.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammate to care for medical conditions or
for reasons related to domestic violence or family leave under certain federal, state and municipal
laws. In certain situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available
under another federal, state or municipal law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are
met. The Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact
their Human Resources representative for information about other federal, state and municipal
medical, domestic violence or family leave rights.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick time is not provided upon separation from
employment for any reason.
Teammates who are rehired within four months of the end of employment will immediately have
access to all previously accrued, unused paid sick time as of their first day of actual work.
Teammates who are rehired between four and 12 months following the end of employment and
who had at least 10 hours of accrued, unused sick time at the end of employment will immediately
have access to such paid sick time as of their first day of work.
Retaliation Prohibited
The Company will not retaliate, or tolerate retaliation, against Teammates because they exercise
or attempt to exercise any rights under this policy, oppose practices they believe violate the ESTL
or support another Teammate’s exercise of rights under the ESTL.
Massachusetts Paid Family and Medical Leave
In accordance with the Massachusetts Paid Family and Medical Leave Law, M.G.L. c. 175M
(“PFML”), eligible Teammates are entitled to a leave of absence to care for a family member with
a serious health condition, care for their own serious health condition, bond with a new child, or
assist with obligations that arise when a family member is called into active military service.
Teammates are also eligible to receive partial wage replacement benefits during the leave through
the state-mandated Department of Family and Medical Leave (“Department”) Employment
Security Trust Fund.
Eligible Teammates
This policy applies to eligible Massachusetts-based Teammates including full-time, part-time,
permanent or seasonal workers, as well as some former Teammates. To be eligible for PFML
leave, Teammates must meet financial eligibility requirements established by the Department,
and former Teammates cannot have been separated from the Company for more than 26 weeks.
Participation in the program is not optional for these Teammates.
Contributions
PFML benefits are funded by both a Company contribution and a Teammate contribution to the
Employment Security Trust Fund. Teammate contributions are made through payroll deductions,
and the amount of the contribution depends on the Teammate’s average weekly wage. The
maximum deduction amount will be adjusted periodically by the Department. The amount of any
deduction taken will be reflected on a Teammate’s paystub.
Reasons for and Length of Leave
Eligible Teammates may be entitled to up to a maximum of 12 weeks of paid family leave in a
benefit year to care for a family member with a serious health condition.
A covered Teammate will be allowed a maximum of 26 weeks of paid medical and paid family
leave, in the aggregate, in a benefit year.
Definitions
• “Benefit year” means the period of 52 consecutive weeks beginning on the Sunday
immediately preceding the first day of paid family or medical leave.
• “Child” means a biological, adopted or foster child, a stepchild or legal ward, a child to
whom the covered individual stands in loco parentis, or a person to whom the covered
individual stood in loco parentis when the person was a minor child.
• “Family Member” means the spouse, domestic partner, child, parent or parent of a
spouse or domestic partner of the covered individual; a person who stood in loco parentis
to the covered individual when the covered individual was a minor child; or a grandchild,
grandparent or sibling of the covered individual.
• “Parent” means a biological, adoptive, step- or foster mother or father.
• “Qualifying Exigency” means a need arising out of the Teammate’s family member’s
active duty service or notice of an impending call or order to active duty in the Armed
Forces (e.g., providing for the care or other needs of the military member’s child or other
family member, making financial or legal arrangements for the military member, attending
counseling, attending military events or ceremonies, spending time with the military
member during a rest and recuperation leave, or making arrangements following the death
of a military member).
• “Serious Health Condition” means an illness, injury, impairment or physical or mental
condition that involves inpatient care in a hospital, hospice or residential medical facility
or continuing treatment by a health care provider.
Wage Replacement Benefits
Eligible Teammates may receive wage replacement benefits from the Department. The amount
of wage replacement benefits is calculated based on the Teammate’s average weekly wage in
relation to the state average weekly wage and is capped at a maximum weekly benefit amount
that is adjusted annually. PFML benefits are administered by the Department. There is generally
a seven (7) day waiting period after an application for a PFML benefit is approved before benefit
payments begin. Teammates may use available vacation, sick leave (if applicable), or other paid
time off during the waiting period.
Health Benefits
During an approved PFML leave, the Company will continue making contributions for a
Teammate’s group health benefits on the same terms as if the Teammate had continued to work.
This means that, if a Teammate wants benefits coverage to continue during PFML leave, the
Teammate must continue to make any premium payments they were required to make for
themselves or their dependents prior to the leave.
Intermittent Leave
Under some circumstances, Teammates can take PFML leave on an intermittent basis (i.e., taking
leave in blocks of time) or on a reduced schedule basis (i.e., reducing the Teammate’s normal
weekly or daily work schedule). A Teammate may take PFML leave intermittently or on a reduced
schedule basis to care for their own or a family member’s serious health condition or to care for
a family member who is a covered service member, if a health care provider determines it is
medically necessary. If a Teammate requests intermittent or reduced schedule PFML leave for
their own serious health condition, the Company may request additional information and will work
with the Teammate to identify a schedule for leave that meets the Teammate’s needs without
unduly interrupting the Company’s business operations (subject to the approval of the
Teammate’s healthcare provider).
In the case of PFML leave for the birth, adoption or foster care placement of a child, the Company
will consider requests to take leave intermittently or on a reduced schedule on a case-by-case
basis depending upon the needs of the Company.
Teammates may take PFML leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis when leave is
due to a qualifying exigency.
PFML leave can be taken in increments of one hour. Taking leave intermittently or on a reduced
leave schedule will result in a proportionate reduction in the Teammate’s available allotment of
leave. Teammates cannot apply for payment of benefits for intermittent PFML leave until they
have accumulated 8 hours of leave time or until 30 calendar days following the first use of
intermittent leave, whichever comes first.
Teammates seeking intermittent PFML leave must notify the Department and the Company of the
schedule for intermittent leave. Teammates who are approved for and use intermittent leave and
fail to work during in accordance with an agreed-upon schedule may be subject to discipline. If a
Teammate’s use of intermittent PFML leave is inconsistent with the Department’s approval, the
Company may also request additional information in support of the need for leave.
Applying for PFML benefits
Teammates must file claims for PFML benefits directly with the Department using the
Department’s forms. The Department’s contact information is:
The Massachusetts Department of Family and Medical Leave
MassPFML@Mass.gov
www.mass.gov/DFML
For questions about benefits and eligibility:
(833) 344-7365
For questions about contributions and exemptions:
(617) 466-3950
Teammates will be required to submit to the Department additional documentation supporting the
need for leave. Required documentation may include, for example, a birth certificate or adoption
paperwork for leave upon the birth or placement of a child or a medial certification from a
healthcare provider for leave to care for the Teammate’s or a family member’s serious health
condition.
Requesting PFML Leave
Teammates must provide at least 30 days advanced written notice to the Company and specify
the anticipated starting date of the leave, the anticipated length of the leave and the expected
date of return. Written notice includes, but is not limited to, handwritten or typed notices, and all
forms of written electronic communications such as text messages and email.
If the Teammate is unable to provide 30 days’ notice due to circumstances beyond their control,
the Teammate must provide notice as soon as practicable. Failure to provide timely notice may
result in a partial denial or delay in a Teammate’s receipt of PFML. A request for an extension
must be filed 14 calendar days prior to the expiration of the original approved leave, unless good
cause for the delay is shown.
Teammates who are planning medical treatment should consult with the Company in advance of
an application to the Department and make a reasonable effort to schedule the treatment that will
not unduly disrupt the Company’s business operations (subject to approval from the Teammate’s
health care provider).
The Company will treat any medical or health information as confidential and will not disclose
such information except with the permission of the Teammate requesting leave, unless disclosure
is otherwise required by law.
The Department will not accept an application for benefits if proper notice is not made to
the Company as described above.
Return to Work
An eligible Teammate who takes PFML leave and returns to work on or before the approved
leave’s end date will be entitled to return to their former job or to an equivalent job with the same
status, pay, employment benefits, length-of-service credit and seniority as of the date of leave.
Upon reinstatement, the Teammate will have the same rights to accrue vacation time, sick leave,
bonuses, advancement, seniority, length-of-service credit or other employment benefits, plans or
programs. Taking PFML leave will not result in the loss of any employment benefit accrued prior
to the date the leave began.
The Company may deny restoration to any Teammate if:
• Other Teammates of equal length of service credit in the same or equivalent positions
have been laid off due to economic conditions or change in operating conditions; or,
• If the contract for employment for which the Teammate was hired for has concluded and
the Company would not have otherwise continued to employ the Teammate.
Coordination with Other Leaves and Benefits
Leave taken under the PFML will run concurrently with leave taken under the Massachusetts
Parental Leave Act, the federal Family and Medical Leave Act and any disability plan or employer
paid family and medical leave program when the leave is for the same qualifying reason. In no
case will the combined pay an eligible Teammate receives through any wage-replacement
program(s), including PFML benefits and any Company-provided paid family and medical leave
program, exceed the Teammate’s average weekly wage. Additionally, all wage-replacement
benefits will be fully integrated to avoid duplication of benefits, to the fullest extent permitted by
state or federal law.
Teammates who elect to use accrued paid leave benefits for a PFML qualifying leave, will not be
eligible for PFML wage replacement benefits. The time taken for such leave will still be subtracted
from the Teammate’s overall leave entitlement under the PFML.
Teammates are also encouraged to review the Company’s parental leave policy to understand
how these benefits interact with the PFML benefits.
Fraudulent Use of PFML Prohibited
Teammates who fraudulently obtain PFML benefits will not receive the protections and benefits
provided by the law and may be required to repay the Trust Fund for any benefits received.
Protected Rights
The Company takes its PFML obligations very seriously and will not interfere with, restrain or
deny the exercise of any right protected under the PFML. The Company will not discriminate or
retaliate against any individual because that person because they use or request leave in
accordance with this policy, file a complaint or institute a proceeding related to the PFML, testify
or provide information in an inquiry or proceeding related to the PFML, or otherwise exercise their
rights under the PFML. If a Teammate believes that their PFML rights have been violated in any
way, they should immediately report the matter to Human Resources.
Teammates may also contact Human Resources with questions regarding PFML leave or
benefits.
Parental Leave
Eligible full-time Teammates working in Massachusetts are entitled to take up to eight weeks of
unpaid leave for the:
• Birth of a child; or
• Placement for adoption or placement pursuant to a court order of a child under 18 years
of age (or under 23 years of age if the individual is mentally or physically disabled).
Teammates are entitled to up to eight weeks of leave per child. If both spouses work for the
Company and are eligible for leave under this policy, the spouses will be limited to a total of eight
workweeks off between the two.
Teammates are eligible for leave under this policy if they are full-time and have been employed
by the Company for at least three consecutive months.
Notice of Leave
Teammates must give at least two weeks’ notice of their anticipated date of departure and
intention to return to work. If the need for leave arises under circumstances that, for reasons
beyond the Teammate’s control, do not allow for two weeks’ notice, Teammates must give notice
as soon as practicable.
Terms of Leave
Parental leave will be without pay, unless a Teammate chooses to use accrued paid vacation,
personal, medical and/or sick leave concurrently with all or part of the unpaid parental leave. Sick
leave may only be used during portions of the parental leave that qualify for leave under the
Company’s sick leave policy, however. The Company will not require a Teammate to use accrued
paid vacation or sick leave concurrently with any part of a parental leave. However, if a
Teammate’s parental leave qualifies as leave under the Family and Medical Leave Act, the two
leaves will run concurrently. Eligible Teammates may apply for disability benefits related to their
childbirth and/or pregnancy-related disabilities under the same terms and conditions that apply to
other medical disabilities.
Parental leave will not affect the Teammate’s rights to receive vacation time, sick leave and other
benefits for which he or she was eligible at the commencement of leave.
Return to Work
At the conclusion of parental leave, Teammates will be reinstated to their previous position or a
similar position with the same status, pay, length of service credit and seniority as of the date of
their leave, unless other Teammates of equal seniority and status in the same or similar position
were laid off due to economic conditions or other changes in operating conditions during the
Teammate’s parental leave. If a Teammate requests and is granted an extension of parental leave
beyond eight (8) weeks, and if this extension is not covered by any other statute such as the
FMLA, the Teammate’s job will be not protected beyond the initial eight (8) week period. Under
these circumstances, the Company provides no assurance the Teammate will be restored to their
previous position or a similar position when the extension expires.
Anti-Discrimination
The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against Teammates because they request or take
leave in accordance with this policy.
Abuse Victim Leave
Teammates who are victims of abusive behavior, defined for purposes of this policy to include
domestic violence, stalking, sexual assault and kidnapping, or that have a family member who is
a victim of abusive behavior, may take up to 15 days of unpaid leave within a 12-month period to
address issues related to the abuse. For purposes of this policy, abusive behavior includes
conduct by a current or former spouse; a person with whom the Teammate or covered family
member shares a child; a person cohabitating with or who has cohabitated with the Teammate or
covered family member; a person related by blood or marriage to the Teammate or covered family
member; or a person with whom the Teammate or covered family member has or had a dating
relationship.
Teammates must exhaust any available annual accrued vacation leave, PTO, personal leave,
and sick leave, if applicable.
A Teammate who is the perpetrator of the abusive behavior is not eligible for leave under this
policy.
Covered family members include the Teammate’s spouse; a person in a dating or engagement
relationship with the Teammate and who resides with the Teammate; someone having a child in
common with the Teammate; a parent, stepparent, child, stepchild, sibling, grandparent,
grandchild, or someone in a guardianship relationship with the Teammate.
Leave taken under this policy must be used to address issues directly related to the abusive
behavior and may be used to:
• Seek or obtain medical attention; receive counseling, victim services or legal assistance;
• Secure housing;
• Obtain a protective order from a court;
• Appear in court or before a grand jury;
• Meet with a district attorney or other law enforcement official;
• Attend child custody proceedings; or
• Address other issues directly related to the abusive behavior against the Teammate or
covered family member.
Teammates may take up to 15 days of leave within a 12-month period. The 12-month period
begins on the date of a Teammate’s first use of such leave and ends 12 months after that date.
Where they overlap, leave taken under this policy will run concurrently with leave under the Family
and Medical Leave Act.
Teammates needing leave under this policy must provide advance notice of the need for leave to
the greatest extent possible. However, if there is a threat of imminent danger to the health or
safety of the Teammate or a covered family member, the Teammate must notify the Company
within three workdays that protected leave was taken or is being taken. Such notice may be
provided by the Teammate, a family member of the Teammate or a professional assisting the
Teammate with addressing the abusive behavior, and can be made via telephone, in person or
in writing.
If an absence is unscheduled, the Company will not take any negative action against the
Teammate as long as the Teammate provides appropriate documentation within 30 days of the
unauthorized absence.
The Company may require Teammates to provide supporting documentation demonstrating that
the Teammate or a covered family member was the victim of abusive behavior and that the reason
for taking leave was related to that behavior. Such documentation should be provided within a
reasonable period of time and may include:
• A protective order or other document issued by a court;
• A document under the letterhead of a court, provider or public agency that the Teammate
attended for the purpose of obtaining assistance regarding the abusive behavior;
• A police report or witness statement provided to the police;
• Documents showing that the perpetrator was convicted of an offense constituting abusive
behavior, or admitted to facts sufficient to establish guilt of abusive behavior;
• Medical documentation;
• A sworn statement, signed under penalty of perjury, from a counselor, social worker,
health care worker, member of the clergy, shelter worker, legal advocate or other
professional advocate who has assisted the Teammate and/or their family address the
effects of abusive behavior; or
• A sworn statement, signed under penalty of perjury, from the Teammate, attesting that the
Teammate or a covered family member has been the victim of abusive behavior.
All information and documentation related to a Teammate’s use of domestic violence leave will
be kept confidential, unless such disclosure is expressly required by law, requested in writing by
the Teammate or necessary to protect the safety of the Teammate or other Teammates.
Upon return from leave, Teammates will be restored to their original position or to an equivalent
position. The Company will not take any adverse action against a Teammate for exercising his or
her rights under this policy. Additionally, Teammates taking leave under this policy will not lose
any benefits accrued prior to the start of the leave.