MICHIGAN SUPPLEMENT
Disability Accommodation
Teammates who require an accommodation in order to perform the essential functions of their
jobs should contact Human Resources in accordance with the procedures identified in the
Handbook. Under Michigan law, any Teammates or applicants for employment with a disability
who are in need of accommodation must notify the Company in writing of their need for
accommodation within 182 days after the date they knew or reasonably should have known that
an accommodation was needed.
Paid Sick and Safe Leave
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick and safe leave in accordance with the
requirements of Michigan’s Paid Medical Leave Act (PMLA).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
Certain non-exempt Teammates whose primary work location is in Michigan are eligible to accrue
paid sick and safe leave.
Eligible Teammates do not include those who worked, on average, fewer than 25 hours per week
during the immediately preceding calendar year or any of the following:
• Individuals who are exempt from overtime requirements under the federal law 29 U.S.C.
§ 213(a)(1), including those who are employed in a bona fide executive, administrative or
professional capacity or in the capacity of an outside salesman;
• Individuals employed for 25 or fewer weeks in a calendar year in a job that is scheduled
to last 25 or fewer weeks;
• Variable hour Teammates as defined by the Affordable Care Act regulations, i.e., based
on the facts and circumstances at the start of employment, the employer cannot determine
whether the Teammate is reasonably expected to be employed on average at least 30
hours per week because hours are variable or otherwise uncertain;
• Trainee and minor Teammates who, in accordance with applicable law, earn less than the
state-required minimum wage;
• Individuals covered by a collective bargaining agreement that is in effect; or
• Individuals employed by a temporary help firm (i.e., an employer whose primary business
is to provide a client with the temporary services of one or more individuals under contract
with the employer).
Reasons Sick and Safe Leave May be Used
Teammates may use paid sick and safe leave for the following reasons:
• The Teammate’s or the Teammate’s family member’s mental or physical illness, injury or
health condition;
• For the diagnosis, care or treatment of the Teammate’s or the Teammate’s family
member’s mental or physical illness, injury or health condition;
• For preventive medical care for the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member;
• The Teammate or the Teammate’s family member is a victim of domestic violence or
sexual assault and needs to:
Seek medical care or psychological counseling for physical or psychological injury
o
or disability;
Obtain services from a victim services organization;
o
Relocate due to the domestic violence or sexual assault;
o
Obtain legal services; or
o
Participate in any civil or criminal proceedings related to or resulting from the
o
domestic violence or sexual assault.
• The Teammate’s primary workplace or the Teammate’s child’s school or place of care is
closed by order of a public official due to a public health emergency;
• Health authorities with jurisdiction or a health care provider have determined that the
presence of the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member in the community would
jeopardize the health of others because of exposure to a communicable disease (even if
the Teammate or family member have not actually contracted the disease).
For purposes of this policy, “family member” includes a:
• Child (including a biological, adopted, foster or stepchild, a legal ward or a child for whom
the Teammate stands in loco parentis);
• Parent (including a biological, adoptive, foster or stepparent, parent-in-law, legal guardian
or a person who stood in loco parentis to the Teammate when the Teammate was a minor
child);
• Spouse (i.e., an individual to whom the Teammate is legally married);
• Sibling (including a biological adopted or foster sibling);
• Grandparent; or
• Grandchild;
Accrual and Use of Sick and Safe Leave
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick and safe leave on March 29, 2019, or the
Teammate’s first day of work, whichever is later. Sick and safe leave accrues at a rate of one
hour of paid sick and safe leave for every 35 hours worked. Maximum accruals of paid sick and
safe leave for eligible Teammates cannot exceed one hour of leave per week or 40 hours of leave
per calendar year. Eligible Teammates accrue paid sick and safe leave on all hours worked,
including overtime hours.
Teammates may not use accrued paid sick and safe leave until their 90th calendar day after the
start of employment. Teammates can use up to 40 hours of leave in a single calendar year. Paid
sick and safe leave may be used in increments of one hour.
Paid Sick and Safe Leave Carryover
Teammates who have accrued paid sick and safe leave remaining at the end of the calendar year
may carry over up to 40 hours of the accrued and unused time to the next year. The Company
does not offer pay in lieu of actual sick and safe leave.
Requesting Sick and Safe Leave and Documentation
If the need for paid sick and safe leave is foreseeable, Teammates must provide notice of seven
days before the leave would begin, unless they learn of the need to use leave within a shorter
period. If the need for paid sick and safe leave is unforeseeable, Teammates should provide
notice as soon as practicable after the need for leave arises. To provide notice of the need to use
paid sick and safe leave, Teammates should contact their supervisor.
The Company may require that Teammates provide documentation verifying that paid sick and
safe leave was used for a covered purpose. Teammates are required to provide the requested
documentation within three days of the request.
For paid sick and safe leave that is needed because of domestic violence or sexual assault,
satisfactory documentation includes:
• A police report indicating that the Teammate or a family member was a victim of domestic
violence or sexual assault;
• A court document indicating that the Teammate or a family member is involved in legal
action related to domestic violence or sexual assault; or
• A signed statement of a victim and witness advocate affirming that the Teammate or a
family member is receiving services from a victim services organization.
The documentation need not explain the details of the violence or medical condition.
Failure to comply with these notice and documentation requirements may result in discipline.
Confidentiality
Health information and information pertaining to domestic violence or sexual assault related to a
Teammate or the Teammate’s family member will be treated as confidential and not disclosed
except to the affected Teammate or with that Teammate’s permission, unless otherwise required
by applicable law.
Rate of Pay
Paid sick and safe leave is compensated at a pay rate equal to the Teammate’s normal hourly or
base wage or the applicable minimum wage, whichever is greater. The normal hourly or base
wage rate does not include overtime pay, holiday pay, bonuses, commissions supplemental pay,
piece-rate pay or gratuities.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick and safe leave is not provided upon separation
from employment for any reason.
Teammates who separate from employment do not retain accrued, unused leave, even if they are
later rehired by the Company.
Retaliation Prohibited
The Company will not retaliate or tolerate retaliation against Teammates because they take paid
sick and safe leave in accordance with this policy or otherwise exercise their rights under the
PMLA.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for reasons related to domestic violence or sexual assault under certain federal and state laws.
In certain situations, paid sick and safe leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave
available under another federal or state law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met.
The Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their
Human Resources representative for information about other federal or state medical or domestic
violence-related leave rights.
Social Security Number Privacy
Teammates must provide the Company with their social security number in order for the Company
to satisfy payroll, state and federal tax and insurance coverage requirements. Consistent with
Michigan law, the Company takes reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of social
security numbers.
All documents and records containing social security numbers and information are kept in a
secure environment. Only authorized personnel with a legitimate business need may access
records and documents (both internal and external) that contain a Teammate’s social security
number and identification information.
In addition to the Company’s policy protecting against the disclosure of confidential information,
Teammates are prohibited from accessing, viewing, or using other Teammate’s social security
information maintained by the Company.
When necessary, documents containing Teammate social security numbers will be properly
destroyed through shredding or other means before disposal.
Any Teammate who accesses social security data without authorization and/or for unlawful
purposes will be disciplined up to and including termination of employment and may be referred
to authorities for possible prosecution.