MINNESOTA SUPPLEMENT
Wage Disclosure Protection
No Teammate will be prohibited from disclosing the amount of their own wages or discussing
another Teammate’s wages. The Company will not take any adverse employment action against
a Teammate because the Teammate makes such a disclosure, engages in such discussion, or
asserts any rights under this policy.
Nothing in this policy will be construed to require a Teammate to disclose their wages to anyone.
Moreover, this policy does not permit the disclosure of any proprietary information, trade secret,
or information that is otherwise subject to a legal privilege or protected by law, without the express
written consent of management; nor does it condone the disclosure of protected information
concerning other Teammates to a competitor where prohibited by policy or contract. A Teammate
may bring a civil action for a violation of this policy seeking any of the remedies available under
the Minnesota Wage Disclosure Protection Law, including if appropriate, reinstatement, back pay,
restoration of service credit, and expungement of adverse employment records.
Pregnancy Accommodation
The Company will provide Teammates with reasonable accommodations for health conditions
related to pregnancy or childbirth.
Teammates may request reasonable accommodations, such as temporary transfer to a less
strenuous or hazardous position, temporary leave of absence, modification in work schedule or
job assignments, seating, more frequent or longer break periods, and limits to heavy lifting. The
following reasonable accommodations will be provided upon request and without medical
certification:1) more frequent or longer restroom, food and water breaks; (2) seating; and/or (3)
limits on lifting over 20 pounds. For all other requests for reasonable accommodation, a
Teammate must obtain the advice of her licensed health care provider or certified doula, and the
request need not be granted if it would impose an undue hardship on the operation of the
Company’s business.
A reasonable accommodation does not require the Company to create a new or additional
position, terminate any other Teammate, transfer any other Teammate with greater seniority or
promote any Teammate.
Teammates who take a leave of absence under this policy will be reinstated to the same position
and pay (including any automatic adjustments that occurred during the leave period) or to a
position of comparable duties, hours and pay. Teammates may be permitted to return to
employment on a part-time basis during the leave period. Teammates wishing to return on a part-
time basis should contact Human Resources. Teammates returning from a leave lasting longer
than one month must notify their supervisor and Human Resources at least two weeks prior to
the anticipated return date.
Teammates with questions or concerns regarding this policy or who would like to request an
accommodation should contact Human Resources. The Company will not discharge, discipline,
penalize, interfere with, threaten, restrain, coerce, or otherwise discriminate or retaliate against
Teammates because they request or make use of accommodations in accordance with this policy.
This policy does not limit a pregnant Teammate’s rights under any other policy or laws protecting
gender, pregnancy, childbirth or health conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth.
Meal and Rest Breaks
Nonexempt Teammates who work eight or more consecutive hours will be provided a 30-minute
meal break. During the break, Teammates will be relieved of all duties. An uninterrupted 30-
minute meal break will be unpaid.
Teammates will be provided adequate time to use the nearest convenient restroom during each
consecutive four-hour period of work.
Teammates who are unable to take all of the meal or rest breaks to which they are entitled in
accordance with this policy or who have been prevented or discouraged from taking a break to
which they are entitled under this policy should immediately notify a Human Resources
representative. All nonexempt Teammates must record their meal breaks.
Minimum Wage Rights for St. Paul Teammates
Teammates who work within the City of St. Paul, Minnesota are generally entitled to earn at least
the minimum wage rate required under the City’s Minimum Wage Ordinance (“MWO”) for time
spent working in the City. The MWO applies to Teammates working within the City limits for at
least two hours in a one week period, regardless of their immigration status.
Teammates who have questions about this policy or their pay should contact Human Resources.
The Company will not retaliate against Teammates or tolerate retaliation against Teammates
because they request payment of the minimum wage or report a violation of the MWO.
Teammates have the right to report a violation of the MWO to the City of Saint Paul’s Department
of Human Rights & Equal Economic Opportunity, Labor Standards Education and Enforcement
Division, if they: have been denied payment of the required minimum wage and/or have been
retaliated against for requesting payment of the minimum wage or reporting a violation of the
MWO.
Access to Personnel Files
Teammates may review or obtain a copy of their personnel file once per six-month period, by
submitting a written request to Human Resources. The review will take place in the presence of
a company representative, at the Teammate’s place of employment or a reasonably nearby
location, and during normal business hours. Upon separation from employment, Teammates may
obtain a copy of their personnel file once each year after separation for as long as the personnel
record is maintained.
The following records are not subject to inspection: written references or letters of
recommendation; certain information pertaining to a criminal or civil investigation; certain
protected educational records; results of employer testing (except for cumulative scores); medical
records; information relating to the Company’s salary system and staff planning; certain
information relating to other people, including co-workers; and certain privileged information.
Teammates who disagree with any of the information contained in their personnel file should notify
Human Resources. If a Teammate and the Company cannot agree to remove or correct the
specified information, the Teammate may submit a written statement, not to exceed five pages in
length, explaining the Teammate’s position regarding the disputed information. The statement will
be maintained as part of the Teammate’s personnel file and included in any disclosure to a third
party.
Sick and Safety Leave
Teammates may use accrued, available sick leave benefits provided by the Company (but not
short or long-term disability or other salary continuation benefits) for absences due to the illness
or injury of a covered relative, on the same terms that the Teammate is able to use sick leave for
the Teammate’s own illness or injury. Teammates may also use accrued, available sick leave
benefits for the purpose of obtaining assistance because of sexual assault, domestic abuse or
stalking or providing such assistance to a relative (“Safety Leave”).
Covered relatives include the Teammate’s: minor child (age 18 and under or age 20 and under
and still in secondary school); adult child; spouse, including a same-sex spouse; sibling; parent,
stepparent, or parent-in-law; grandparent; and grandchild. For purposes of this policy, a “child” or
“grandchild” also includes a Teammate’s step, biological, adopted or foster child or grandchild.
The use of sick leave for Safety Leave and for absences due to an illness or injury of a
Teammate’s adult child, spouse, sibling, parent, stepparent or parent-in-law, grandchild or
grandparent is limited to 160 hours in any 12-month period. This restriction does not apply to
absences due to the illness or injury of a Teammate’s minor child.
Upon return from leave, Teammates will be reinstated to the same position and pay (including
any automatic adjustments that occurred during the leave period) or to a position of comparable
duties, hours and pay. Teammates may be permitted to return to employment on a part-time basis
during the leave period. Teammates wishing to return to work on a part-time basis should contact
Human Resources.
Teammates with questions or concerns regarding this policy or who would like to request a leave
of absence should contact Human Resources. The Company will not discriminate or retaliate
against Teammates because they request or take accrued, available sick leave in accordance
with this policy.
Sick and Safe Time (St. Paul)
The Company provides eligible Teammates with sick and safe time pursuant to the St. Paul
Earned Sick and Safe Time (ESST) Ordinance. The guidelines in this policy do not supersede
federal, state or local laws regarding leaves of absence, including but not limited to leave taken
under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) or the Minnesota Parental Leave Act (MPLA),
leave taken as a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) or
the Minnesota Human Rights Act (MHRA), or any other applicable federal, state or local law,
including those prohibiting discrimination and harassment.
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligible Teammates
Teammates are eligible to accrue sick and safe time if they work for the Company at least 80
hours in a year within the geographic boundaries of St. Paul.
Accrual and Use of Sick and Safe Time
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick and safe time upon hire. Teammates accrue one
hour of paid sick and safe time for every 30 hours worked, up to a maximum of 48 hours in a
calendar year.
A Teammate’s total amount of accrued but unused sick time cannot exceed 80 hours.
Eligible Teammates may not use accrued sick and safe time until the Teammate’s 90th calendar
day of employment. Thereafter, they may use time as it accrues.
Teammates may use sick and safe time in one hour increments.
Reasons Sick and Safe Time May Be Used
Sick and safe time may be used for the following reasons:
• The Teammate’s own mental or physical illness, injury or health condition; need for
medical diagnosis, care or treatment; or need for preventive care;
• To care for a family member with a mental or physical illness, injury or health condition;
who needs medical diagnosis, care or treatment; or who needs preventive care;
• Absences due to domestic abuse, sexual assault or stalking of the Teammate or the
Teammate’s family member to:
Seek medical attention;
o
Obtain services from a victim-services organization;
o
Obtain psychological or other counseling;
o
Relocate; or
o
Seek legal advice or take legal action (e.g., prepare for or participate in a civil or
o
criminal legal proceeding);
• The closure of the Teammate’s workplace or a family member’s school or place of care
by order of a public official to limit exposure to an infectious agent, biological toxin or
hazardous material, or other public health emergency; and
• The closure of a family member’s school or place of care due to inclement weather; loss
of power, heating, or water; or other unexpected closure.
Eligible family members include the following:
• A child (including a biological, adopted or foster child; stepchild; and adult child);
• A spouse or registered domestic partner;
• A sibling;
• A parent (including a biological parent, stepparent and parent-in-law);
• A grandchild;
• A grandparent; and
• Any individual related by blood or affinity whose close association with the Teammate is
the equivalent of a family relationship.
Requesting Sick and Safe Time/Documentation
Sick and safe time will be provided upon a Teammate’s request. If possible, the request must
include the absence’s expected duration. Requests should be made by contacting your
supervisor. If the need for sick and safe time is unforeseeable, the Teammate must provide notice
as soon as practicable. Teammates are not required to disclose the specific nature of the illness
or specific reason for seeking sick and safe time.
If sick and safe time is used for more than three consecutive days that the Teammate is scheduled
to work, or if the Teammate has exhibited a pattern of abusing sick and safe time, the Company
may require that the Teammate provide reasonable documentation that the sick and safe time is
being used for a qualifying reason. Reasonable documentation for sick time includes any
documentation that indicates the Teammate sought and received medical treatment (e.g., a
doctor’s note). Teammates are responsible for the cost of such documentation not covered by
insurance or any other benefit plan. Teammates will be allowed at least 14 days from the date of
their return to work to obtain such documentation. Reasonable documentation for safe time must
communicate that the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member is experiencing domestic
violence, sexual assault or stalking and that the leave was taken for a qualifying purpose. This
may include a police report, court order or a Teammate’s written statement.
Rate of Pay for Sick and Safe Time
Sick and safe time is paid based on the Teammate’s normal hourly rate (or an equivalent rate for
salaried Teammates). If a Teammate’s hourly rate varies, the Teammate will be paid sick and
safe time according to what their rate would have been during the scheduled time. However, if a
Teammate uses ESST for scheduled overtime, the Company is not obligated to pay the
Teammate at the overtime rate.
Sick and safe time will be paid on the date the Teammate would have been paid for work had
they not used sick and safe time.
Teammates will be paid only for the hours they are scheduled to work.
Carryover
Accrued but unused sick and safe time can be carried over from year to year. However, the total
amount of accrued and unused time may not exceed 80 hours at any time.
Separation From Employment or Transfer
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick and safe time is not provided upon separation
from employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired by the Company within 90 calendar
days of separation from employment, previously accrued but unused sick and safe time will be
immediately reinstated. The Teammate may immediately use this time and accrue additional time.
In addition, the Teammate’s hours worked before being separated count in determining the
Teammate’s eligibility to use accrued sick and safe time.
If a Teammate is transferred within the Company to a location outside of St. Paul, the Company
will maintain the Teammate’s accrued sick and safe time on its books for three years from the
date of the transfer. A Teammate who transfers back to St. Paul within three years is entitled to
all of their previously accrued but unused sick and safe time.
Confidentiality
The Company will, in accordance with applicable federal, state or municipal law, treat as
confidential health or medical information or information pertaining to domestic violence, sexual
assault or stalking pertaining to the Teammate or Teammate’s family member. Such information
will not be released without the Teammate’s express permission, unless otherwise required by
law.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for issues related to domestic violence under certain federal, state and municipal laws. In certain
situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another
federal, state or municipal law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company
is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their Human
Resources representative for information about other federal, state, and municipal medical,
domestic violence or family leave rights.
No Discrimination or Retaliation
The Company will not retaliate or discriminate against, tolerate retaliation or discrimination
against, or restrain or interfere with any Teammate who, in good faith, exercises or attempts to
exercise their rights under the ESST.
Sick and Safe Time (Minneapolis)
The Company provides eligible Teammates with sick and safe time pursuant to the Minneapolis
Sick and Safe Time Ordinance (MSSTO). The guidelines in this policy do not supersede federal,
state or local laws regarding leaves of absence, including but not limited to leave taken under the
Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) or the Minnesota Parental Leave Act (MPLA), leave taken
as a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) or the
Minnesota Human Rights Act (MHRA), or any other applicable federal, state or local law, including
those prohibiting discrimination and harassment.
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligible Teammates
All Teammates are eligible to accrue sick and safe time if they work at least 80 hours within the
geographic boundaries of Minneapolis per calendar year.
Accrual and Use of Sick and Safe Time
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick and safe time upon hire. Teammates accrue one
hour of paid sick and safe time for every 30 hours worked in Minneapolis, up to a maximum of 48
hours in a calendar year.
Teammates accrue sick and safe time in one-hour increments and may not accrue in any fraction
of an hour.
For accrual purposes, salaried exempt Teammates are assumed to work 40 hours per workweek.
If a Teammate normally works fewer than 40 hours, then accrual will be based on the Teammate’s
normal workweek. Non-exempt Teammates accrue sick and safe time based on all hours worked,
including overtime hours worked. Sick and safe time does not accrue when a Teammate is not
working, such as when a Teammate is on vacation or out sick.
Eligible Teammates may not use accrued sick and safe time until the Teammate’s 90th calendar
day of employment. Thereafter, Teammates may use the time as it accrues. Teammates may
only use accrued sick and safe time when they are scheduled to perform work within the city limits
of Minneapolis.
A Teammate’s total amount of accrued but unused sick and safe time cannot exceed 80 hours.
Teammates may use sick and safe time in one hour increments.
If a Teammate calls in and requests a shift occurring within 24 hours of a shift start, the use of
sick or safe time to cover that shift may be denied.
Reasons Sick and Safe Time May Be Used
Sick and safe time may be used for the following reasons:
• The Teammate’s or a family member’s mental or physical illness, injury or health condition;
need for medical diagnosis, care or treatment; or need for preventive care;
• Absences due to domestic abuse, sexual assault or stalking of the Teammate or the
Teammate’s family member to:
Obtain services from a victim services organization;
o
Obtain psychological, medical or other counseling;
o
Relocate or make other safety plans; or
o
Take legal action (e.g., prepare for or participate in a civil or criminal legal
o
proceeding, or seek a restraining order);
• The closure of the Teammate’s workplace or a family member’s school or place of care
by order of a public health official to limit exposure to an infectious agent, a biological toxin
or hazardous material or other public health emergency; and
• The closure of a family member’s school or place of care due to inclement weather or loss
of power, heating or water or other unexpected closure.
Eligible family members include:
• A child (including a biological, adopted or foster child; stepchild; and adult child);
• A spouse;
• A registered domestic partner, as defined under Minnesota law;
• A sibling;
• A parent (including a stepparent and parent-in-law);
• A grandchild;
• A grandparent;
• A guardian;
• A ward; and
• A current member of the Teammate’s household.
Teammates are not required to find a Teammate to cover their work when they take sick and safe
time.
Requesting Sick and Safe Time/Documentation
When the need for sick and safe time is foreseeable, Teammates must provide seven days’ notice
of the need for sick and safe time. If the need for sick and safe time is unforeseeable, Teammates
must provide notice as soon as practicable. To provide notice of the need to use sick and safe
time, Teammates should contact their Human Resources representative.
If sick and safe time is used for more than three consecutive days, the Company requires that
Teammates provide supporting documentation that the sick and safe time was used for a covered
purpose.
Sick and safe time is paid based on the Teammate’s normal hourly rate, or the state’s minimum
wage, whichever is greater. The Teammate’s normal hourly rate does not include:
• Commissions;
• Reimbursement for expenses incurred on the Company’s behalf;
• Premium payments for overtime work or work on Saturdays, Sundays, holidays or
scheduled days off, if the premium rate is at least one-and-one-half times the normal rate;
• Bonuses;
• Cash or other valuables in the nature of gifts on special occasions;
• Payments made under a bona fide profit-sharing plan or trust or bona fide thrift or savings
plan; or
• Contributions irrevocably made by an employer to a trustee or third person under a bona
fide plan for providing old-age, retirement, life, accident or health insurance or similar
benefits for Teammates.
Teammates will only be paid for the hours they are scheduled to work. Sick and safe time will be
compensated in the same manner and at the same time as the Teammate would have received
compensation if they had worked.
Carryover
Accrued but unused sick and safe time can be carried over from year to year. However, the total
amount of accrued and unused time may not exceed 80 hours at any time.
Separation From Employment or Transfer
Compensation for accrued and unused sick and safe time is not provided upon separation from
employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired by the Company within 90 days of
separation from employment, previously accrued but unused sick and safe time will be
immediately reinstated and available for use. The Teammate may also immediately begin
accruing additional time if the accrued unused time is less than 80 hours.
If a Teammate is transferred within the Company to a location outside of Minneapolis, the
Company will maintain the Teammate’s accrued sick and safe time on its books for three years
from the date of the transfer. A Teammate who transfers back to Minneapolis within three years
is entitled to all of their previously accrued but unused sick and safe time.
Confidentiality
The Company will, in accordance with applicable federal, state or municipal law, treat as
confidential health information or information pertaining to domestic violence, sexual assault or
stalking pertaining to the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member. Such information will not
be released without the Teammate’s express permission, unless otherwise required by law or by
a court or administrative agency.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for issues related to domestic violence under certain federal, state and municipal laws. In certain
situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another
federal, state or municipal law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company
is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their Human
Resources representative for information about other federal, state, and municipal medical,
domestic violence or family leave rights.
No Discrimination or Retaliation
The Company will not retaliate or discriminate against, tolerate retaliation or discrimination
against, or restrain or interfere with any Teammate who in good faith exercises or attempts to
exercise their rights under the MSSTO.