MISSOURI SUPPLEMENT
Domestic or Sexual Violence Victim Leave and Accommodations
Teammates who are victims of domestic or sexual violence, or have a family or household
member who is a victim of domestic or sexual violence and whose interests are not adverse to
the Teammate as it relates to the domestic or sexual violence, may take up to two workweeks of
leave during any 12-month period to address domestic or sexual violence.
A “workweek” is the Teammate’s standard workweek. The total number of workweeks to which a
Teammate is entitled will not decrease during the relevant 12-month period. Leave may be taken
consecutively, intermittently or on a reduced work schedule.
Leave will be unpaid, except that exempt Teammates will receive pay when required by applicable
law.
Teammates may use leave for any of the following reasons:
• Seeking medical attention for or recovering from physical or psychological injuries caused
by domestic or sexual violence to the Teammate or the Teammate’s family or household
member;
• Obtaining services from a victim services organization for the Teammate or the
Teammate’s family or household member;
• Obtaining psychological or other counseling for the Teammate or the Teammate’s family
or household member;
• Participating in safety planning, temporarily or permanently relocating, or taking other
actions to increase the safety of the Teammate or the Teammate’s family or household
member from future domestic or sexual violence or to ensure economic security; or
• Seeking legal assistance or remedies to ensure the health and safety of the Teammate or
the Teammate’s family or household member, including preparing for or participating in
any civil or criminal legal proceeding related to or derived from domestic or sexual
violence.
A "family or household member" means:
• A spouse;
• A parent (meaning the biological parent of a Teammate or an individual who stood in loco
parentis to a Teammate when the Teammate was a son or daughter, as defined below);
• A son or daughter (meaning a biological, adopted or foster child, step-child, legal ward, or
child of a person standing in loco parentis who is under 18 years of age or who is 18 or
older and incapable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability);
• Other person related by blood or by present or prior marriage;
• Other person who shares a relationship through a son or daughter; or
• Individuals residing jointly in the same household.
If the reason for using leave is also a qualifying reason under the federal Family and Medical
Leave Act (FMLA) and the Teammate is in fact eligible for FMLA leave, then the Company will
also deduct the leave from the Teammate’s available FMLA leave.
Teammates must provide at least 48 hours’ advance notice of their intention to take leave, unless
providing such notice is not practicable. Teammates who take leave under this policy are required
to provide the Company, upon request and within a reasonable period of time, with certification
that the Teammate or the Teammate’s family or household member is a victim of domestic or
sexual violence and that the leave is for one of the reasons stated above. A Teammate can satisfy
this certification requirement by providing their sworn statement, along with any of the following:
documentation from a Teammate, agent or volunteer of a victim services organization, an
attorney, a member of the clergy, or a medical or other professional from whom the Teammate or
the Teammate’s family or household member sought assistance in addressing domestic or sexual
violence and its effects; a police or court record; or other corroborating evidence.
If an unscheduled absence occurs, the Company will not take action against a Teammate if the
Teammate, upon request and within a reasonable period of time, provides certification to the
Company in the form of the above.
The Company will keep such documentation, including the Teammate’s statement, and the fact
that the Teammate has requested or obtained leave to address domestic or sexual violence, in
the strictest confidence. The Company will not disclose such information unless the Teammate
requests or consents to disclosure in writing or disclosure is otherwise required by applicable
federal or state law.
During the leave, the Company will maintain any health insurance coverage being provided in the
same manner as if the Teammate had not taken leave. Health benefits will be maintained through
the leave period to the extent and under the same terms as they are maintained when the
Teammate is not on a leave of absence.
Upon return from leave under this policy, a Teammate will be reinstated to the position held prior
to taking leave or to an equivalent position with equivalent benefits, pay and other terms and
conditions of employment.
Reasonable Safety Accommodations
In addition to leave, the Company will provide reasonable safety accommodations in a timely
manner to qualified individuals for known limitations resulting from circumstances related to being
the victim of or having a family or household member who is a victim of domestic or sexual
violence, so long as the accommodation does not impose an undue hardship on Company
operations. A “qualified individual” is a Teammate or applicant who, but for being a victim of
domestic or sexual abuse or having a family member who is a victim of domestic or sexual abuse,
can perform the essential functions of the job they hold or for which they are applying.
A reasonable safety accommodation is an adjustment to a job structure, workplace facility, or
work requirement, including:
• Transfer;
• Reassignment;
• Modified schedule;
• Leave;
• A changed telephone number or seating assignment;
• Installation of a lock;
• Implementation of a safety procedure; or
• Assistance in documenting domestic violence that occurs at the workplace or in work-
related settings, in response to actual or threatened domestic violence.
In determining whether a safety accommodation is reasonable, the Company will consider any
exigent circumstances or danger facing the Teammate or their family or household member.
Upon request, Teammates requesting a reasonable safety accommodation must provide a written
statement signed by the Teammate or an individual acting on the Teammate’s behalf, certifying
that the reasonable safety accommodation is for an authorized purpose.
The Company will not retaliate or tolerate retaliation against a Teammate because the Teammate
requests or uses leave or an accommodation in accordance with this policy.