MONTANA SUPPLEMENT
The Company is committed to workplace policies and practices that comply with federal, state,
and local laws. For this reason, Montana Teammates will receive the Company’s ADV Teammate
Handbook (the “Handbook”) and the Montana Supplement to the Handbook (the “Montana
Supplement”).
The Montana Supplement applies only to Montana Teammates. It is intended as a resource
containing specific provisions derived under Montana law that apply to the Teammate’s
employment. It should be read together with the Handbook and, to the extent that the policies in
the Montana Supplement are different from, or more generous than those in the Handbook, the
policies in the Montana Supplement will apply.
All Teammates of the Company employed for an indefinite period of time. Teammates may resign
at any time and may be terminated at any time -- for any reason during the Teammate’s
probationary period, or with good cause after the probationary period.
Teammates who have not completed 90 days of continuous employment are considered to be
within their probationary period of employment for purposes of Montana’s wrongful discharge law.
During Teammates’ probationary period, their employment is “at-will,” meaning that either the
Teammate or the Company may terminate the relationship at any time, with or without cause and
with or without notice.
After Teammates complete their probationary period, they may still terminate their employment
relationship with the Company at any time. The Company, however, will terminate a Teammate
only for “good cause,” which means any reasonable job-related grounds for a Teammate’s
dismissal based on the Teammate’s failure to satisfactorily perform job duties, disruption of the
Company’s operation, material or repeated violation of an express provision in the Company’s
policies or any other legitimate business reason.
Nothing contained in the Handbook or any oral statement creates a contract, express or implied,
between you and the Company. No Teammate of the Company can create or offer you a contract
of employment for any specified duration, with the exception of the President/Owner of the
Company, or the President/Owner’s authorized representative, and any such contract must be in
writing signed by the President/Owner of the Company or that person’s authorized representative.
If Teammates have any questions about these policies, they should contact their Human
Resources representative.