NEVADA SUPPLEMENT
Pregnancy Accommodation
Teammates and applicants with needs related to pregnancy, childbirth or related conditions
(including lactation), may request a reasonable accommodation to enable them to perform their
job. The Company will provide a reasonable accommodation for needs related to pregnancy,
childbirth, or a related medical condition so long as the requested accommodation does not
impose an undue hardship on the Company’s business operations.
A reasonable accommodation may include, but is not limited to, the following: modified equipment;
different seating; revised break schedules, including changes to the frequency or duration of
breaks; space in an area other than a bathroom that can be used for expressing breast milk;
assistance with manual labor that is incidental to the primary work duties of the Teammate; light
duty assignments; temporary transfer to less strenuous or hazardous work; a restructured position
or modified work schedule.
The Company may require that Teammates provide an explanatory statement from their physician
regarding the specific accommodation recommended by the physician.
The Company will not deny employment opportunities or take adverse employment action against
otherwise qualified applicants or Teammates who request or use such reasonable
accommodations.
Teammates who have questions about this policy or who wish to request leave or other
reasonable accommodation under this policy should contact their Human Resources
representative. When a Teammate makes a request for a reasonable accommodation, the
Company and Teammate will engage in a timely, good faith and interactive process to determine
an effective, reasonable accommodation.
Meal and Rest Breaks
Teammates who work eight continuous hours are permitted at least one 30-minute uninterrupted
meal break. During the break, Teammates will be relieved of all duties. An uninterrupted meal
break lasting at least 30 minutes will be unpaid for nonexempt Teammates.
Teammates are also allowed one 10-minute paid rest break for each four hours (or major fraction
of four hours) worked. When determining how many hours a Teammate has worked for purposes
of providing rest breaks, unpaid meal breaks will not be counted. Rest breaks will be provided in
accordance with the following schedule:
# of 10
Duration of Shift Minute
Comments
In Hours Rest
Breaks
Teammates who work less than three and a half
0 to < 3.5 0 continuous hours in a workday are not entitled to take a
rest break.
Teammates who work at least three and a half hours but
3.5 to < 7 1 less than seven continuous hours in a workday are
allowed one 10-minute rest break.
Teammates who work at least seven but less than 11
7.0 to < 11.0 2 continuous hours in a workday are allowed two 10-
minute rest breaks.
Teammates who work at least 11 but less than 15
continuous hours in a workday are allowed three 10-
11.0 to < 15.0 3
minute rest breaks.
15.00 to < 19 4 Teammates who work at least fifteen but less than
nineteen continuous hours in a workday are allowed
four 10-minute rest breaks.
Rest breaks will be provided as close as practical to the middle of each four-hour work period.
Teammates who are unable to take all of the breaks to which they are entitled in accordance with
this policy, or who have been prevented or discouraged from taking a break to which they are
entitled under this policy, should immediately notify a supervisor and/or Human Resources. All
nonexempt Teammates must record their meal breaks.
Paid Leave
The Company provides paid leave to eligible Teammates in compliance with the requirements of
the Nevada Paid Leave Law (NPLL).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick or
vacation Leave under the Company’s main policies. Teammates who receive sufficient
time under those policies do not receive additional time under this policy, unless required
by law.
Eligibility
All full-time and part-time Teammates who work in Nevada are eligible to accrue paid leave. The
following Teammates are not eligible for paid leave under this policy:
• Temporary Teammates who work less than 90 days on an occasional or temporary
basis (whether paid by the Company or a temporary employment agency, training school
or training center);
• Seasonal Teammates who typically work less than 90 days and/or who are hired for a
specific season;
• On-call Teammates who are called out to work on an hourly or daily basis based upon
Company need; or
• Per-Diem Teammates.
Annual Accrual of Paid Leave
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid leave on January 1, 2020, or upon their first day of
employment, whichever is later. Eligible Teammates accrue paid leave at the rate of .01923 hours
of paid leave for each hour worked.
Eligible Teammates may begin using accrued paid leave on the 90th calendar day of their
employment with the Company. A Teammate’s use of paid leave is limited to 40 hours per
calendar year thereafter. Time can be used on one hour increments.
Paid leave can be used for any reason, including, but not limited to the following:
• Treatment of a mental or physical illness, injury or health condition;
• Receiving a medical diagnosis or medical care;
• Receiving or participating in preventative care;
• Participating in caregiving; or
• Addressing other personal needs related to the health of the Teammate.
Teammates will not be required to find a replacement as a condition of using accrued paid leave.
Requesting Paid Leave/Documentation
Teammates must provide notice of the need to use paid leave as soon as practicable, but need
not identify the reason for leave use. When the need for leave is foreseeable, such as when a
Teammate is going on vacation or taking a voluntary day off, Teammates should provide notice
of the need for leave at least 3 days. To provide notice of the need to use paid leave, Teammates
should contact their supervisor and specify that they are using paid leave.
Rate of Pay
Leave is paid based on the rate of pay the Teammate is paid at the time when leave is taken.
Leave Carryover
Accrued, unused paid leave may be carried over from year to year, up to a maximum carryover
amount of 40 hours per calendar year. At the end of the calendar year, any unused paid leave
above the maximum accrual amount will be forfeited.
The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual paid leave.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates. In certain situations, leave under
this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another federal or state law,
provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company is committed to complying
with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their Human Resources representative for
information about other federal or state leave rights.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused paid leave is not provided upon separation from
employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired within 90 days after separation and
separation was not due to the Teammate voluntarily leaving employment, any previously unused
paid leave hours will be reinstated.
Retaliation
The Company will not retaliate or tolerate retaliation against any Teammate because the
Teammate uses paid leave in accordance with this policy.