NEW JERSEY SUPPLEMENT
Equal Employment Opportunity
As set forth in the Handbook, the Company is committed to equal employment opportunity and to
compliance with federal antidiscrimination laws. We also comply with New Jersey law, which
prohibits discrimination and harassment against any Teammates or applicants for employment
based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type
and protective hairstyles), creed, color, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, pregnancy or
breastfeeding (including childbirth, breastfeeding or expressing milk for breastfeeding or medical
conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), marital status, civil union or domestic
partnership status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, atypical
hereditary cellular or blood trait, genetic information, disability (including AIDS and HIV-related
illnesses), liability for service in the U.S. Armed Forces and use or non-use of tobacco products
outside the workplace. The Company will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based upon
these characteristics or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local
law.
Additionally, the Company prohibits retaliation against any Teammate who requests from,
discusses with or discloses to a current or former Teammate, a lawyer from whom the Teammate
seeks legal advice or a government agency information regarding the job title, occupational
category, rate of compensation (including benefits), gender, race, ethnicity, military status, or
national origin of the Teammate or any other Teammate. Teammates are not required to disclose
their wage information.
Whistleblower Protections (Conscientious Teammate Protection Act)
Teammates have the right to complain of workplace practices or policies they believe to be in
violation of the law, against public policy and/or fraudulent or unethical.
The Company will not terminate, demote, take any other adverse employment action or otherwise
retaliate against a Teammate because the Teammate:
1. Discloses or threatens to disclose to a supervisor or to a public body an activity,
policy or practice of the employer or another employer with whom there is a
business relationship, which the Teammate reasonably believes is in violation of a
law or a rule or regulation issued under the law; is fraudulent or criminal; or, in the
case of a Teammate who is a licensed or certified health care professional,
constitutes improper quality of patient care;
2. Provides information to or testifies before any public body conducting an
investigation, hearing or inquiry into any violation of a law or a rule or regulation
issued under the law by the employer or another employer with whom there is a
business relationship, or, in the case of a Teammate who is a licensed or certified
health care professional, provides information to or testifies before any public body
conducting an investigation, hearing or inquiry into quality of patient care;
3. Provides information to or testifies before any public body conducting an
investigation, hearing or inquiry into any violation involving deception of or
misrepresentation to any shareholder, investor, client, patient, customer,
Teammate, former Teammate, retiree or pensioner of the employer or any
governmental entity;
4. Provides information regarding any perceived criminal or fraudulent activity, or
policy or practice of deception or misrepresentation, which the Teammate
reasonably believes may defraud any shareholder, investor, client, patient,
customer, Teammate, former Teammate, retiree or pensioner of the employer or
any governmental entity; or
5. Objects to or refuses to participate in any activity, policy or practice that the
Teammate reasonably believes:
a. Is in violation of a law or a rule or regulation issued under the law or, if the
Teammate is a licensed or certified health care professional, constitutes
improper quality of patient care;
b. Is fraudulent or criminal; or
c. Is incompatible with a clear mandate of public policy concerning the public
health, safety or welfare or protection of the environment.
When a disclosure is made to a public body, the protection against retaliation does not apply
unless the Teammate has brought the activity, policy or practice to the attention of their supervisor
in writing and has given the Company a reasonable opportunity to correct the activity, policy or
practice. There is an exception, however, to this internal disclosure requirement if the situation is
an emergency in nature and the Teammate reasonably believes that the activity, policy or practice
is known to one or more company supervisors or reasonably fears physical harm as a result of
the disclosure.
If a Teammate has questions about this policy, they may ask any member of Human Resources
or contact HR Shared Services.
We recognize that Teammates may need to be absent from work for an extended period of time
for family-related reasons. Accordingly, the Company will grant time off to Teammates in
accordance with the requirements of the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and the
New Jersey Family Leave Act (NJFLA). When both the FMLA and NJFLA apply, the leave
provided by each will count against the Teammate’s entitlement under both laws and must be
taken concurrently. A Teammate who is eligible for leave under only one of these laws will receive
benefits in accordance with that law only.
The following policy addresses Teammate rights under the NJFLA. Teammates should refer to
the main Handbook for additional details regarding the FMLA. Questions concerning this policy
should be directed to Human Resources.
Leave Entitlement and Eligibility
Teammates who work in New Jersey, or who perform some work in New Jersey and have their
work directed and controlled from New Jersey, may be eligible for leave under the NJFLA. To be
eligible for leave, Teammates must have been employed by the Company for at least 12 months
and have worked at least 1,000 base hours (including regular time, overtime, workers’
compensation leave and military leave) during the 12-month period immediately preceding the
leave. The Company may deny leave for certain highly compensated Teammates.
Eligible Teammates are entitled to 12 weeks of unpaid leave in a 24-month period. A 24-month
period is determined by a 24-month period measured forward from the start date of the
Teammate’s first NJFLA leave. When two Teammates from the same family (e.g., spouses or
siblings) request leave at the same time, the Company will allow each Teammate up to 12 weeks
of unpaid leave, so long as the Teammate is otherwise eligible for leave.
Permissible Uses of NJFLA Leave
Eligible Teammates may take family leave to provide care for the following reasons:
• Bonding Leave: The birth of a child (including a child born pursuant to a valid written
agreement between the Teammate and a gestational carrier), and to care for a
newborn or a child newly placed with the Teammate for foster care or adoption;
• Family Care Leave: Serious health condition of a family member; or
• Public Health Emergency Leave: During a state of emergency declared by the
Governor (or when indicated as necessary by the Commissioner of Health or other
public health authority during an epidemic of a communicable disease, a known or
suspected exposure to the communicable disease, or efforts to prevent spread of the
communicable disease), the Teammate: :
Is required to provide in-home care or treatment of the Teammate’s child
o
because the child’s school or place of care has been closed by order of a public
official due to the epidemic or other public health emergency;
Is required to care for a covered family member because a public health
o
authority has issued a determination, such as a mandatory quarantine order,
requiring or imposing responsive or prophylactic measures as a result of illness
caused by the communicable disease (or known or suspected exposure to the
communicable disease) and because the presence in the community of the
covered family member in need of care by the Teammate would jeopardize the
health of others; or
Is required to care for a covered family member who, under the
o
recommendation of a health care provider or public health authority, voluntarily
self-quarantines as a result of suspected exposure to the communicable
disease because the presence in the community of that family member would
jeopardize the health of others.
For purposes of this policy, a “Parent” includes the Teammate’s biological, adoptive, resource
family parent, foster parent, stepparent, parent-in-law or legal guardian and includes individuals
who become the parent of a child pursuant to a valid written agreement with a gestational carrier.
A “child” includes, but is not limited to the Teammate’s biological, adopted, foster child, resource
family child, stepchild or legal ward and includes a child who becomes the child of a parent
pursuant to a valid written agreement between the parent and a gestational carrier. A “serious
health condition” means an illness, injury, impairment or physical or mental condition that requires
inpatient care in a hospital, hospice or residential medical care facility or continuing medical
treatment or continuing supervision by a health care provider. A “family member” means a child,
parent, parent-in-law, sibling, grandparent, grandchild, spouse, domestic partner, partner in a civil
union couple or any other individual related by blood to the Teammate or with whom the
Teammate shows a close association that is the equivalent of a family relationship.
Leave for the birth of a child or for the placement of an adopted or foster child must begin within
one year after the child’s birth or placement for adoption or foster care.
When a leave is covered by both the FMLA and the NJFLA, the leave will simultaneously count
as part of the Teammate’s entitlement under both laws. However, a leave granted due to the
Teammate’s own serious health condition under the FMLA is not covered by the NJFLA. As a
result, a leave of 12 weeks to care for the Teammate’s own serious health condition under the
FMLA may be followed by an additional 12-week leave to care for a family member under the
NJFLA. This may result in a combined leave period under both laws of up to 24 weeks.
Requesting Leave
Teammates must provide at least 30 days’ advance notice to the Company before beginning
NJFLA leave, unless emergent circumstances warrant shorter notice. Teammates must provide
prior notice of the leave in a reasonable and practicable manner, unless an emergency or other
unforeseen circumstance precludes prior notice. Notice must be in writing, except that
Teammates may provide verbal notice in emergency situations when written notice is
impracticable, as long as they subsequently provide written notice. Teammates must make a
reasonable effort to schedule NJFLA leave in a manner that does not unduly disrupt Company
operations.
Certification for Leave
A request for NJFLA leave for Bonding Leave or Family Care Leave must be supported by
certification issued by a duly licensed or other acceptable health care provider. If a completed
certification is not returned in a timely manner, the leave may be denied. If the Company has
reason to doubt the validity of the certification, we may require a second (and in some cases a
third) medical opinion at the Company’s expense.
A request for NJFLA Public Health Emergency Leave must be supported by a sufficient
certification issued by a school, place of care for children, public health authority, public official,
or health care provider (depending upon the reason for which leave is being requested).
Intermittent or Reduced Schedule Leave
Teammates can elect to take NJFLA leave on a reduced leave schedule basis. However, a
reduced schedule may not last longer than 12 months for any one period of leave. In addition,
Family Care Leave may be taken on a reduced schedule or an intermittent basis when medically
necessary only if:
• The total time within which the leave is taken does not exceed 12 months for each serious
condition episode;
• The Teammate provides the Company with a copy of a certification from the family
member's health care provider;
• The Teammate provides the Company with prior notice of the leave at least 15 days before
the first day of the leave, unless an emergency or other unforeseen circumstance
precludes prior notice; and
• The Teammate makes a reasonable effort to schedule leave so as not to unduly disrupt
the Company's operations.
An intermittent leave taken in connection with a single serious health condition may not exceed
12 months.
Public Health Emergency Leave may be taken on a reduced schedule or intermittent basis only
if:
• The Teammate provides the Company with prior notice of the leave as soon as
practicable; and
• The Teammate makes a reasonable effort to schedule the leave so as not to unduly disrupt
Company operations and, if possible, provides the employer, prior to the commencement
of the intermittent leave, with a regular schedule of the day or days of the week on which
the intermittent leave will be taken.
With advance notice, and if certain conditions are met, Teammates can take leave for the birth,
adoption or placement of a child in foster care on an intermittent basis.
Teammates must make a reasonable effort to schedule intermittent or reduced schedule leave
so that it does not unduly disrupt the Company’s business operations.
The Company may require Teammates on reduced schedule or intermittent leave to temporarily
transfer to an available alternative position for which the Teammate is qualified and that better
accommodates a recurring period of leave than does the Teammate’s regular position. The
alternative position will have pay and benefits equivalent to the Teammate’s regular position.
Upon returning from a reduced schedule or intermittent leave, the Teammate will be placed in the
same or an equivalent job as the one he or she left when the leave began.
Compensation and Benefits During Leave
Leaves of absence under this policy are generally without pay. However, some Teammates may
be eligible for temporary disability benefits or paid leave benefits and should consult the
Company’s temporary disability benefits and paid family leave insurance policies. In addition,
Teammates who have accrued paid leave (e.g., sick or vacation) may use that time during their
approved NJFLA leave. Use of paid time off will not serve to extend the length of any leave.
Teammates will be permitted to continue employment benefits during the leave at the same level
and under the same conditions that coverage would have been provided had the Teammate
continued in employment and not taken leave.
Outside Employment
Teammates may not take a new full-time position while on leave. Teammates can take a new
part-time job as long as it does not exceed half of the Teammate’s regularly scheduled hours
worked for the Company. Teammates may also continue full-time or part-time employment they
had prior to the leave.
Return From Leave
Teammates generally will be restored to their original position or to a position with equivalent pay,
benefits and other terms and conditions of employment. However, Teammates have no greater
right to continued employment than if they had not taken the leave. Teammates wishing to return
to work prior to a leave’s prearranged end date may do so if the early return would not cause the
Company undue hardship.
Reinstatement may be denied if:
1. During the leave, the Teammate’s job would have been terminated or the Teammate
would have been laid off for reasons unrelated to the leave; or
2. The Teammate performed unique services and hiring a permanent replacement during
the leave, after giving reasonable notice to the Teammate of the intent to do so, was the
only way for the Company to prevent substantial and grievous economic injury to its
operations. Certain highly compensated Teammates (those earning pay in the top 5% or
whose salary is one of the 7 highest, whichever is greater) may be denied leave or
reinstatement if necessary to prevent substantial and grievous economic injury to the
Company’s business. If a Teammate falls within this category, he or she will be advised
by the Company of any decision to deny leave. This exception does not apply to
Teammates seeking Public Health Emergency Leave.
Retaliation
The Company will not interfere, restrain or deny the exercise of any rights provided under this
policy. If a Teammate believes that his or her NJFLA rights have been violated in any way, he or
she should immediately report the matter to Human Resources.
PAID SICK AND SAFE LEAVE
The guidelines in this policy do not supersede applicable federal, state, or local laws regarding
leaves of absence, including but not limited to leave taken under the Family and Medical Leave
Act (FMLA), leave taken as a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA), or any other applicable federal, state, or local law, including those prohibiting
discrimination and harassment. Where applicable, leave under this policy will run concurrently
with all other applicable leaves.
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
Teammates (including those working on a full-time, part-time or temporary basis) are generally
eligible to accrue paid sick and safe leave.
Reasons Sick and Safe leave May be Used
Teammates may use paid sick and safe leave for the following reasons:
• The Teammate's or the Teammate's family member's mental or physical illness, injury or
health condition;
• For the diagnosis, care or treatment of the Teammate's or the Teammate's family
member's mental or physical illness, injury or health condition;
• For preventive medical care for the Teammate or the Teammate's family member;
• The Teammate or their family member is a victim of domestic or sexual violence (including
stalking, sexual assault or any sexually violent offense) and needs to obtain:
Medical attention;
o
Services from a designated domestic violence agency or other victim services
o
organization;
Psychological or other counseling;
o
Relocation; or
o
Legal services, including obtaining a restraining order or preparing for or
o
participating in a civil or criminal legal proceeding related to the domestic or sexual
violence.
• To attend a child's school-related conference, meeting, function or other event requested
or required by a school administrator, teacher or other professional staff member
responsible for the child's education;
• To attend a meeting regarding a child's care in connection with the child's health or
disability;
• The Teammate's workplace or the Teammate's child's school or place of care is closed by
order of a public official or because of a state of emergency declared by the Governor due
to an epidemic or other public health emergency;
• The Governor has declared a state of emergency or a health care provider, the
Commissioner of Health or another public health authority has issued a determination that
the presence in the community of the Teammate or a member of the Teammate’s family
in need of care by the Teammate would jeopardize the health of others; or
• During a state of emergency declared by the Governor, or upon the recommendation,
direction, or order of a healthcare provider or the Commissioner of Health or other
authorized public official, the Teammate undergoes isolation or quarantine, or cares for a
family member in quarantine, as a result of suspected exposure to a communicable
disease and has a finding by the provider or authority that the presence in the community
of the Teammate or family member would jeopardize the health of others.
For purposes of this policy, "family member" includes a:
• Child (including a biological, adopted, foster or stepchild, a legal ward, and the child of a
domestic partner or civil union partner);
• Parent (including a biological, adoptive, foster or stepparent; legal guardian; parent of a
spouse, domestic partner or civil union partner; a person who stood in loco parentis when
the Teammate was a minor; or a parent’s spouse, domestic partner or civil union partner);
• Spouse (including a civil union partner or domestic partner);
• Sibling (including a biological, adopted or foster sibling and a sibling of a spouse, domestic
partner or civil union partner);
• Grandparent (including a grandparent’s spouse, domestic partner or civil union partner);
• Grandchild; and
• Any other individual related by blood to the Teammate or whose close association with
the Teammate is the equivalent of a family relationship, including any person with whom
the Teammate has a significant personal bond that is, or is like, a family relationship,
regardless of biological or legal relationship.
The Company will not count Teammates' use of sick and safe leave in compliance with this policy
as an absence when evaluating absenteeism. Therefore, any such use of sick and safe leave will
not count as an "occurrence" under any Company policy. A Teammate who uses paid sick and
safe leave for an unauthorized purpose may be subject to discipline, up to and including
termination.
Accrual and Use of Sick and Safe Leave
Eligible Teammates will accrue up to 40 hours of paid sick and safe time each calendar year at a
rate of one hour for every 30 hours worked, up to a maximum cap of 40 hours.
Exempt Teammates are assumed to work the number of hours worked in a normal workweek, up
to 40 hours per workweek.
Eligible Teammates may not use paid sick and leave under this policy and the ESSLL until the
120th calendar day after their employment with the Company began.
Paid sick and safe leave may be used in increments of one hour.
Eligible Teammates may only use up to 40 hours of paid sick time in a calendar year.
Teammates are not required to search for or find a Teammate to cover their work in order to take
paid sick and safe leave.
Requesting Sick and Safe Leave and Documentation
When the need for paid sick and safe leave is foreseeable, Teammates must provide notice of
the need for leave and its expected duration at least seven days prior to the start of the leave.
Teammates must make reasonable efforts to schedule the use of paid sick and safe leave in a
manner that does not unduly disrupt Company operations.
If the need for paid sick and safe leave is unforeseeable, Teammates should provide notice of the
need for leave and its expected duration as soon as practical. To provide notice of the need to
use paid sick and safe leave, Teammates should contact Human Resources.
If paid sick and safe leave is used for three or more consecutive workdays, the Company may
require that the Teammate provide reasonable documentation that the paid sick and safe leave
was used for a qualifying reason. For a medical-related absence, a Teammate can satisfy this
requirement by providing documentation signed by a health care professional that indicates the
need for leave and, if possible, the amount of leave required. For leave related to domestic or
sexual violence, the Teammate can provide any of the following documents:
• Medical documentation;
• A law enforcement agency record or report;
• A court order;
• Documentation that the perpetrator of the domestic or sexual violence has been convicted
of a domestic or sexual violence offense;
• Certification from a certified domestic violence specialist or a representative of a
designated domestic violence agency or other victim services organization; or
• Other documentation or certification provided by a social worker, counselor, member of
the clergy, shelter worker, health care professional, attorney, or other professional who
has assisted the Teammate or covered relation in dealing with the domestic or sexual
violence.
For leave related to an epidemic or other public health emergency, the Teammate can provide a
copy of the order of the public official or the determination by the health authority.
Confidentiality
Information pertaining to health and/or domestic or sexual violence related to a Teammate or the
Teammate's family member will be treated as confidential and not disclosed except to the affected
Teammate or with that Teammate's permission, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
Carryover
Accrued, unused paid sick and safe leave can be carried over from year to year, up to a maximum
carryover amount of 40 hours.
However, please note that, no matter how many hours you may have in your bank,
Teammates may only ever use a maximum of 40 hours of paid sick and safe time each
calendar year.
Rate of Pay and Overtime
Paid sick and safe leave is compensated at the same rate of pay and with the same benefits a
Teammate normally earns, or at the state minimum wage (whichever is greater).
Integration with Other Benefits
It is a Teammate's responsibility to apply for any applicable benefits for which the Teammate may
be eligible as a result of illness or disability, including temporary disability insurance, family leave
insurance, workers' compensation insurance, and any other disability insurance benefits. If a
Teammate elects to integrate paid sick and safe leave with other paid benefits, the Company will
integrate all paid benefits such that a Teammate will not be paid more than their regular
compensation at any time.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick and safe leave is not provided upon separation
from employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired by the Company within six months of
separation from employment, previously accrued but unused sick and safe leave will immediately
be reinstated. The previous period of employment will be counted for purposes of determining the
Teammate's eligibility to use paid sick and safe leave.
Retaliation Prohibited
The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against Teammates, or tolerate discrimination or
retaliation against Teammates, because they request or use paid sick and safe leave in
accordance with this policy and/or the ESSLL, file a complaint alleging a violation of the ESSLL
or inform any other person of his or her rights under the ESSLL.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
Benefits and leave rights herein will run concurrently with benefits or leave rights under any other
applicable law or policy, where permissible and applicable. The Company may provide other
forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or for reasons related to domestic or
sexual violence or family leave under certain federal and state laws. In certain situations, sick and
safe leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another federal or
state law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company is committed to
complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact Human Resources for information
about other federal and state medical, domestic or sexual violence or family leave rights.
TEMPORARY DISABILITY BENEFITS
New Jersey Teammates who are temporarily disabled by a non-work-related injury or illness may
receive benefits through the New Jersey Temporary Disability Benefits Plan (State Plan).
Teammates are eligible for temporary disability (TD) benefits only when they suffer an accident
or illness that is not covered by New Jersey’s workers’ compensation law, including a disability
that is the result of organ or bone marrow donation by a covered Teammate
During a state of emergency declared by the Governor or when indicated to be needed by the
Commissioner of Health or other public health authority, TD benefits are also available for an
illness caused by an epidemic of a communicable disease, a known or suspected exposure to a
communicable disease or efforts to prevent the spread of a communicable disease, which
requires in-home care or treatment of a Teammate due to:
• The determination by a health care provider, the commissioner or other public health
authority that the Teammate’s presence in the community may jeopardize the health of
others; and
• The recommendation, direction or order of the provider or authority that the Teammate be
isolated or quarantined because of suspected exposure to a communicable disease.
To be eligible for TD benefits, Teammates must: (1) have worked at least 20 “base weeks” in
covered New Jersey employment within the base year preceding the week in which the disability
began or the week in which the Teammate submits a claim for benefits; or (2) earned at least
1,000 times the minimum wage in effect on October 1 of the calendar year preceding the calendar
year in which the disability began. A “base week” is any calendar week in which the Teammate
earned at least 20 times the state minimum wage. To qualify for TD benefits, the Teammate’s
illness or injury must have started while the Teammate was eligible for benefits.
Benefits begin on the eighth consecutive day of a disability and may continue up to a maximum
of 26 weeks or one-third of a Teammate’s total wages in a year. Eligible Teammates will receive
an amount equal to 85% of their weekly wage, up to a maximum of70 percent of the statewide
average weekly wage. No benefits are paid for the first week of disability, unless the disability: is
related to an illness caused by an epidemic of a communicable disease, a known or suspected
exposure to a communicable disease or efforts to prevent the spread of a communicable disease,
as described above; is the result of a covered Teammate donating an organ or bone marrow; or
continues for a period lasting longer than three weeks.
Teammates who collect TD benefits from the state may be ineligible to simultaneously receive
benefits under other state or federal unemployment, disability or workers’ compensation laws.
Teammates may be eligible to return to work on a reduced basis while recovering from a disability.
For Teammates who are otherwise eligible for TD benefits but only able to work on a reduced
basis, benefits will be paid such that the sum of the Teammate’s wages and benefits paid will
equal the weekly amount the individual would have been paid if totally unable to perform the
duties of the job due to disability. Teammates cannot receive TD benefits for work on a reduced
basis unless they were totally unable to perform the duties of employment due to disability and
receiving full benefits for at least seven consecutive days prior to claiming partial benefits for a
reduced work schedule. The maximum duration of partial benefits for work on a reduced schedule
is eight weeks, unless the Division, after a review of medical information from a qualified
healthcare provider, approves an extension in writing up to a maximum of 12 weeks of benefits.
When filing a claim for TD benefits under the State Plan, Teammates will be required to provide
written notice to the New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development’s Temporary
Disability Insurance Division within 30 days after the beginning of a period of disability.
Teammates will also be required to provide certification of the disability from a health care
provider.
REINSTATEMENT FOLLOWING BONE MARROW AND ORGAN DONATION
Teammates who experience a period of disability that is the result of donating any organ or bone
marrow, and that is a compensable disability under New Jersey's Temporary Disability Benefits
Law, will be restored at the end of the period of disability to their original job or to an equivalent
job with equivalent pay, benefits and other terms and conditions of employment. However, a
Teammate has no greater right to reinstatement than if they had not been absent for the purpose
of organ or bone marrow donation.
For example, if a Teammate who was absent from work for a disability resulting from organ or
bone marrow donation would have been laid off had they not been absent, or if the Teammate’s
job is eliminated during the period of disability and no equivalent or comparable job is available,
then the Teammate would not be entitled to reinstatement.
DOMESTIC OR SEXUAL VIOLENCE VICTIM LEAVE
Eligible Teammates who are victims of domestic violence or a sexually violent offense or who
have a qualifying family member who is a victim of domestic or sexual violence may take up to 20
days of unpaid leave in the 12-month period following an incident of domestic or sexual violence
to:
• Seek medical attention for or recover from physical or psychological injuries caused
by domestic or sexual violence to the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member;
• Obtain services from a victim services organization for the Teammate or the
Teammate’s family member;
• Obtain psychological or other counseling for the Teammate or the Teammate’s family
member;
• Participate in safety planning, temporarily or permanently relocate or take other
actions to increase the safety of the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member
from future domestic or sexual violence or to ensure economic security;
• Seek legal assistance or remedies to ensure the health and safety of the Teammate
or the Teammate’s family member, including preparing for or participating in any civil
or criminal legal proceeding related to or derived from domestic or sexual violence; or
• Attend, participate in or prepare for a criminal or civil court proceeding relating to
domestic or sexual violence.
For purposes of this policy, a “family member” is a Teammate’s child, parent, parent-in-law,
sibling, grandparent, grandchild, spouse, domestic partner or civil union partner, any other
individual related by blood to the Teammate or any other individual who has a close association
with the Teammate that is the equivalent of a family relationship.
Teammates are eligible for leave under this policy if they have been employed with the Company
for at least 12 months and for at least 1,000 base hours during the 12-months immediately
preceding the leave.
When the need for leave is foreseeable, Teammates must provide written notice of the need as
far in advance as is reasonable and practical under the circumstances, unless an emergency or
other unforeseen circumstance precludes prior notice. Advance notice is not required for
emergency situations.
Leave may be taken intermittently in intervals of no less than one day.
Teammates will be required to submit documentation verifying the need for leave, such as:
• A domestic violence restraining order or other documentation of equitable relief issued
by a court;
• A letter or other written documentation from the county or municipal prosecutor
documenting the domestic violence or sexually violent offense;
• Documentation of the conviction of a person for the domestic violence or sexually
violent offense;
• Medical documentation of the domestic violence or sexually violent offense;
• Certification from a certified domestic violence specialist or the director of a designated
domestic violence agency or rape crisis center confirming that the Teammate or
Teammate’s family member is a victim of domestic violence or a sexually violent
offense; or
• Other documentation or certification of the domestic violence or sexually violent
offense provided by a social worker, clergy member, shelter worker or other
professional who has assisted the Teammate or Teammate’s family member in
dealing with the domestic violence or sexually violent offense.
All information provided to the Company concerning a domestic violence or sexually violent
incident and leave under this policy will be kept confidential, unless disclosure of this information
is authorized in writing by the Teammate or is required by law.
Teammates can choose to use any accrued sick leave or any available family temporary disability
leave benefits during their leave. Any paid time off or family temporary disability leave benefits
will run concurrently with the unpaid leave. When applicable, time off under this policy will run
concurrently with a leave of absence covered by the federal Family and Medical Leave Act or
New Jersey Family Leave Act.
The Company prohibits harassment, discrimination or retaliation against Teammates because
they take or request leave in accordance with this policy or refuse to authorize the release of
confidential information.
MILITARY LEAVE
Any the Company Teammate who serves in the military or National Guard is eligible for
employment and benefit protection as specified in the Uniformed Services Employment and
Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA) and any applicable state law protections.
A Teammate who is a member of the United States Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard,
National Guard, Reserves or Public Health Service will be granted an unpaid leave of absence
for military service, training or related obligations in accordance with applicable law. Written
military orders must be presented to your manager and the Human Resources Department. You
may be entitled to leave without pay in accordance with state regulations. At the conclusion of the
leave, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, a Teammate generally has a right to return to
the same position he or she held prior to the leave or to a position with like seniority, status and
pay that the Teammate is qualified to perform.
In addition, New Jersey Teammates who leave full- or part-time employment to perform military
service will be reinstated to their previous position, or one of like seniority status and pay, upon
return. For purposes of this policy, “military service” means duty by any person in the active
military service of the United States and active duty in the military service of the state under an
order of the Governor. Teammates (other than temporary Teammate) who leave their job to
perform military service generally are eligible for reinstatement if they:
• Receive a duly executed certificate of completion of military service;
• Are still qualified to perform the duties of the position; and
• Apply for reemployment within 90 days after being relieved from service.
If the Company’s circumstances have changed and make it impossible or unreasonable to
reinstate the Teammate, the Teammate may request to be restored to another available position
for which the they are able or qualified to perform the duties.
Qualified Teammates (not in a temporary position) who take a temporary leave of up to three
months to participate in assemblies or annual training or to attend any service schooling
conducted by the Armed Forces of the United States are eligible for reemployment if they apply
for employment within 10 days after completing service. The leave may not exceed three months
in any four-year period.
Time off under this policy is without pay. Teammates will be considered as having been on
furlough or a leave of absence during the leave and will be entitled to participate in insurance or
other benefits offered by the Company in accordance with the established rules and practices
regarding leaves of absence in effect at the time the Teammate is ordered to military service or
training.
Teammates returning from leave under this policy will not be terminated without cause within one
year following the date of reemployment.
The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against a Teammate because he or she takes a
leave of absence in accordance with this policy.
Emergency Responder Leave
Teammates who serve as volunteer emergency responders will be permitted to take time off from
work in order to respond to a fire or emergency call or to serve as a volunteer emergency
responder during a declared state of emergency, provided they have complied with the
Company’s notice requirements set forth below.
For purposes of this policy, "volunteer emergency responder" means an active member in good
standing of a volunteer fire company; a volunteer member of a first aid, rescue or ambulance
squad; or a member of a county or municipal volunteer Office of Emergency Management (as
long as the member’s official duties include responding to a fire or emergency call).
Teammates are required to provide notice at least one hour before they are scheduled to report
to work, and upon returning to work must provide a copy of the incident report and a certification
by the incident commander or other official or officer in charge.
Time off under this policy will be without pay, except that exempt Teammates will receive pay
when required by applicable law. Additionally, Teammates will be allowed to use any accrued
available vacation.
The Company may deny requests for leave under this policy for certain Teammates that are
essential to Company operations.
Family Leave Insurance
Eligible Teammates may be eligible for up to 12 weeks of state-provided family leave insurance
(FLI) benefits through the Division of Temporary Disability Insurance (the Division) when they take
time off for one of the following purposes:
• To bond with a child during the first 12 months after a child’s birth if the Teammate or
Teammate’s domestic partner or civil union partner is a biological parent of the child
or the parent of the child pursuant to a valid gestational carrier agreement, or after the
placement of the child for adoption or as a foster child with the Teammate;
• To care for a family member with a serious health condition;
• When the Teammate or Teammate’s family member is a victim of an incident of
domestic violence or a sexually violent offense, to engage in activities for which a
Teammate can take unpaid leave under the New Jersey Security and Financial
Empowerment Act (NJ SAFE Act), as described in the Company’s Domestic or Sexual
Violence Victim Leave policy; or
• During a state of emergency declared by the Governor(or when indicated as necessary
by the Commissioner of Health or other public health authority during an epidemic of
a communicable disease, a known or suspected exposure to the communicable
disease, or efforts to prevent spread of the communicable disease) the Teammate is
required to provide in-home care or treatment of the Teammate’s covered family
member because:
A healthcare provider or the commissioner or other public health authority has
o
issued a determination that the family member’s presence in the community
may jeopardize the health of others; and
The provider or authority recommends, directs or orders that the Teammate’s
o
family member be isolated or quarantined as a result of suspected exposure to
a communicable disease.
If a Teammate receives benefits for a disability caused by domestic violence or a sexually violent
offense, that time off will be considered a period of disability for the Teammate and not a period
of family leave.
For purposes of FLI, a “family member” is defined to include a Teammate’s child, spouse,
domestic partner, civil union partner, sibling, grandparent, grandchild, parent, parent-in-law or any
other individual related to the Teammate by blood or who has a close association with the
Teammate that is the equivalent of a family relationship. A “child” includes a biological, adopted,
foster or stepchild; legal ward; or a child of a Teammate’s domestic partner or civil union partner
or a child who becomes the Teammate’s child pursuant to a valid written agreement with a
gestational carrier. A “parent” includes a biological parent, foster parent, adoptive parent or
stepparent of the Teammate or a person who was a legal guardian of the Teammate when the
Teammate was a child or who became the parent of the child pursuant to a valid written
agreement with a gestational carrier.
Eligibility
Teammates who have worked at least 20 base weeks in the year preceding the leave or earned
in total at least 1,000 times the applicable minimum wage during the prior year are eligible to apply
for and receive FLI benefits. The Division determines whether a Teammate is eligible for benefits.
Amount and Duration of Benefits
The weekly FLI benefit is generally 85% of the Teammate’s average weekly wage and is subject
to a state-imposed cap. The maximum benefit is generally 12 weeks (or 56 intermittent days)
during the 12-month period or one-third of the Teammate’s base year earnings, whichever is less.
When applicable and allowed under applicable law, FLI benefits will run concurrently with leave
time available under the New Jersey Family Leave Act or federal Family and Medical Leave Act.
Teammates are permitted to use any accrued but unused paid time, including paid sick and safe
leave, during a period of family temporary disability leave. FLI benefits will not be paid for any
period during which the Teammate receives paid vacation or sick leave from the Company at full
pay.
Benefits on an Intermittent Basis
Teammates may file claims for intermittent periods of time when medically necessary to care for
a seriously ill family member. Benefits can be taken on an intermittent basis for this purpose, if:
• The total leave time the Teammate takes does not go over 12 months;
• The Teammate provides a copy of the appropriate medical certification;
• The Teammate provides at least 15 days' notice, unless an emergency or unplanned
event prevents the Teammate from doing so; and
• The Teammate makes a reasonable effort to schedule leave in a manner that does
not unduly burden the Company and, if possible, provides a regular schedule of the
days or days of the week on which the intermittent leave will be taken.
With Company approval, Teammates can file claims for FLI benefits during non-consecutive
weeks when taking intermittent leave for the birth, adoption or placement of a child for foster care.
Notice and Certification
Teammates intending to take leave to bond with a newborn or newly adopted child or a child
newly placed with the Teammate for foster care must provide the Company with a minimum of 30
days’ notice prior to beginning the family leave.
Unless an emergency or other unforeseen circumstance prevents prior notice, Teammates
intending to take continuous leave to care for a family member must provide the Company with
advance notice in a reasonable and practicable manner. Teammates intending to take leave for
reasons related to the Teammate or Teammate’s family member being a victim of an incident of
domestic violence or a sexually violent offense must provide written notice as far in advance as
is reasonable and practical under the circumstances, unless an emergency or other unforeseen
circumstance precludes prior notice.
Teammates intending to take intermittent leave to care for a family member or for the birth,
adoption or placement of a child in foster care must provide the Company with a minimum of 15
days’ notice prior to the first day on which benefits will be paid for intermittent leave, absent
emergency or unforeseen circumstances. Before intermittent leave related to the birth, adoption
or placement of a child for foster care begins, the Teammate must, if possible, provide the
Company with a regular schedule of the days or days of the week on which intermittent leave will
be taken.
Unless the leave is unforeseeable, Teammates who fail to provide this notice may have the
amount of benefits they receive reduced. For continuous leave taken for the birth, adoption or
placement of a child for foster care, failure to provide advance notice will result in the reduction of
benefits by two weeks’ worth of benefits unless the time for leave is unforeseeable or changes for
unforeseeable reasons.
Teammates requesting FLI benefits for leave to care for a family member will be required to
provide certification from a health care provider to the Division. Teammates requesting FLI
benefits for leave related to the Teammate or Teammate’s family member being a victim of an
incident of domestic violence or a sexually violent offense must, if requested by the Division,
provide certification in support of their claim.
The Company will not discharge, threaten or otherwise discriminate or retaliate against a
Teammate or refuse to restore the Teammate following a period of leave because the Teammate
requested or took FLI benefits. However, nothing in this policy affords Teammates any greater
right to reinstatement than is available under the New Jersey Family Leave Act, as described in
the Company’s New Jersey Family Leave policy.