NEW MEXICO SUPPLEMENT
Sick Leave to Care for Relatives
Teammates may use paid sick leave provided by the Company for absences due to the illness,
injury, or medical appointment of a covered relative, on the same terms the Teammates are able
to use the sick leave benefits for their own illness or injury. For purposes of this policy, sick leave
means time off that is paid by the Company and due to illness, an injury or receiving care from a
health professional. Sick leave does not include leave under the federal Family and Medical
Leave Act.
Covered relatives include the Teammate’s spouse or domestic partner, as well as the
Teammate’s parent, grandparent, great-grandparent, child, foster child, grandchild, great-
grandchild, sibling, niece, nephew, aunt, or uncle by blood, marriage, or legal adoption.
The Company will not discharge, threaten to discharge, demote, suspend or otherwise retaliate
or discriminate against a Teammate because the Teammate requests or uses sick leave to care
for a covered relation in accordance with this policy or for opposing, filing a complaint about or
cooperating with an investigation or prosecution of any policy or practice that the Teammate, in
good faith, believes violates the law allowing use of sick leave to care for covered relatives. The
Company will not consider a Teammate’s use of sick leave to care for a covered relative as a
factor in the Teammate’s performance evaluation. Teammates with questions or concerns
regarding this policy or who would like to request a leave of absence under this policy should
contact Human Resources.
Paid Sick Leave
The Company provides paid sick leave to eligible Teammates in compliance with New Mexico’s
Healthy Workplaces Act (“HWA”).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
All Teammates (including full-time, part-time, and temporary Teammates) who work in New
Mexico for the Company are eligible to receive paid sick leave from the Company.
Accrual and Carryover of Paid Sick Leave
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick leave on their first calendar day of employment with
the Company or their date of coverage under the HWA, whichever is later.
Paid sick leave accrues at a rate of one hour for every 30 hours worked. For accrual purposes,
exempt Teammates are assumed to work 40 hours per workweek unless the Teammate’s normal
workweek is less than 40 hours, in which case paid sick leave accrues based upon that normal
workweek. Nonexempt Teammates accrue paid sick leave on all hours worked, including
overtime hours, but do not accrue paid sick leave when using paid sick leave or other paid leave
benefits such as vacation.
Teammates may carry over up to 64 hours of accrued but unused paid sick leave from one benefit
year to the next. The Company does not pay out any unused sick leave at the end of the benefit
year in lieu of carryover.
The applicable "benefit year" for purposes of this policy is the calendar year.
Using Paid Sick Leave
Eligible Teammates may begin to use paid sick leave immediately upon accrual.
Eligible Teammates may use a maximum of 64 hours of paid sick leave per benefit year.
Teammates may use paid sick leave in increments of one hour or more to cover all or part of a
workday.
Use of paid sick leave must be recorded. To the extent allowed by applicable law, the Company
reserves the right to require the use of paid sick leave for one of the reasons specified below.
Teammates are not required to search for or find a replacement worker to cover the period during
which they use paid sick leave.
Covered Reasons for Use
Eligible Teammates may use paid sick leave only during times that they cannot work for the
following reasons:
• Because of the Teammate’s or the Teammate’s family member’s mental or physical
illness, injury or health condition;
• For the medical diagnosis, care or treatment of the Teammate’s or the Teammate’s family
member’s mental or physical illness, injury or health condition;
• For preventive medical care for the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member;
• For meetings at the Teammate’s child’s school or place of care related to the child’s health
or disability; or
• For absences necessary due to domestic abuse, sexual assault or stalking suffered by the
Teammate or a family member of the Teammate, provided that the purpose of the leave
is for the Teammate to do any of the following or obtain services or assist a family member
with any of the following:
Obtain medical or psychological treatment or other counseling;
o
Relocate; or
o
Prepare for or participate in legal proceedings.
o
For purposes of this policy, a covered “family member” includes the Teammate’s spouse or
domestic partner or a person related to the Teammate or their spouse or domestic partner as:
• A child (including a biological, adopted or foster child, a stepchild or legal ward or a child
to whom the Teammate or Teammate’s spouse or domestic partner stands in loco
parentis);
• A parent (including a biological, foster, step or adoptive parent or legal guardian or a
person who stood in loco parentis when the Teammate or their spouse or domestic partner
was a minor child);
• A grandparent;
• A grandchild;
• A biological, foster, step or adopted sibling;
• A spouse or domestic partner of a family member; or
• An individual whose close association with the Teammate or the Teammate’s spouse or
domestic partner is the equivalent of a family relationship.
Notice Required
When the need for paid sick leave is foreseeable (meaning that the Teammate is aware of the
need to use leave seven or more days in advance), Teammates must provide seven days’
advance oral or written notice of the need for leave. Teammates must also make a reasonable
effort to schedule the use of paid sick leave in a manner that does not unduly disrupt Company
operations. If the need for paid sick leave is unforeseeable, Teammates must provide notice of
the need for leave, either orally or in writing, as soon as practicable.
To provide notice of the need to use paid sick leave, Teammates should contact their Human
Resources representative. When possible, the request must include the absence’s expected
duration.
In all circumstances, Teammates are responsible for specifying that the time off is for paid sick
leave reasons (as opposed to, for example, vacation), so that the absence may be designated as
a paid sick leave absence.
Verification of Absence
For absences of two or more consecutive scheduled workdays, the Company may require
Teammates to provide verification that their use of paid sick leave was for an authorized purpose.
Teammates must submit any required documentation within 14 days following their return from
leave. Depending on the circumstances, verification may include a doctor’s note (for the
Teammate’s own or family member’s health condition); police report, court document, or court
order of protection (indicating domestic violence, stalking, etc.); and/or other verification as
permitted by applicable law.
The Company will keep confidential the medical or other personal information about a Teammate
or Teammate’s covered family member and treat such information in accordance with applicable
laws.
Discipline for Unprotected Use of Paid Sick Leave
Discipline – up to and including termination – may be taken against a Teammate who uses paid
sick leave for a purpose not covered by, or in a manner not consistent with, the HWA. In addition,
discipline – up to and including termination – may be taken against a Teammate who violates this
policy’s requirements concerning requesting, using, recording, verifying, and/or documenting use
of paid sick leave.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for their own or a family
member’s medical conditions or for issues related to domestic violence under certain federal,
state, and municipal laws. In certain situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time
as leave available under another federal, state, or municipal law, provided eligibility requirements
for that law are met.
It is the Teammate’s responsibility to apply for any applicable benefits for which the Teammate
may be eligible as a result of an absence under this policy. A Teammate cannot use paid sick
leave to supplement any partial wage replacement benefits received, such as the Short-Term
Disability benefits offered by the Company.
Rate of Pay for Paid Sick Leave
Teammates will be paid for paid sick leave at the same hourly rate and with the same benefits,
including health care benefits, that they normally earn during hours worked, and in no case less
that the applicable minimum wage.
Separation From Employment and Rehire
The Company does not pay Teammates for accrued but unused paid sick leave at any time,
including upon separation from employment for any reason.
If a Teammate’s employment with the Company ends and the Teammate is rehired within 12
months of employment ending, the Teammate’s previously accrued but unused paid sick leave
will be reinstated and made immediately available for use.
No Discrimination or Retaliation
So long as the Notice provisions outlined above are followed, the Company will not count a
Teammate’s use of paid sick leave as an absence or occurrence that may result in discipline
under any Company policy.
The Company will not interfere with, restrain or deny a Teammate’s rights under the HWA and
will not discriminate or retaliate against a Teammate for exercising those rights. The Company
will not discriminate or retaliate against a Teammate who reasonably alleges violations of the
HWA or raises concerns about violations of the HWA.