NEW YORK SUPPLEMENT
Anti-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy
In addition to the provisions of the main sexual harassment policy, New York law prohibits
discrimination and harassment (including sexual harassment) against any Teammates, applicants
for employment or interns, as well as contractors, subcontractors, vendors, consultants, or other
individuals providing services in the workplace and their Teammates, based on: race (including
traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture and protective hair styles), color,
religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and transgender
status), gender identity, familial status, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental
disability (including gender dysphoria) genetic information (including predisposing genetic
characteristics), age (18 and over), veteran status, military status, sexual orientation, marital
status, familial status, certain arrest or conviction records and domestic violence victim status.
Sexual harassment is a form of gender-based discrimination that is unlawful under federal, state,
and (where applicable) local law. Sexual harassment includes unwelcome or unwanted sexual
advances, requests for sexual favors or visual, verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature
when:
• Submission to such conduct is made a term or condition of employment;
• Submission to, or rejection of, such conduct is used as a basis for employment decisions
affecting the individual; or
• Such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual’s
work performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment, even if
the individual making the report is not the intended target of such conduct.
Under New York law, sexual harassment can also include harassment on the basis of sex, sexual
orientation, self-identified or perceived sex, gender expression, gender identity, and transgender
status . Discrimination based on sex stereotypes, gender expression and perceived identity can
all be forms of sexual harassment. The following is a non-exhaustive list of the types of conduct
prohibited by this policy:
• Unwanted sexual advances, propositions, and/or pressure for sexual activity
(including repeated and unwelcome requests for dates or romantic gestures and gift-
giving);
• Offers of employment benefits in exchange for sexual favors;
• Making or threatening reprisals after a negative response to sexual advances;
• Visual conduct: leering, making sexual gestures, displaying of pornographic,
sexually suggestive, or sexually discriminatory images, objects, pictures, memes, videos,
cartoons, graffiti, backgrounds, posters or websites on computers, emails, cell phones,
electronic or physical bulletin boards, etc. (this extends to virtual or remote workspace and
can include having such materials visible in the background of one’s home during a virtual
or video meeting);
• Verbal or written conduct: making or using sexist remarks or derogatory or sexually
discriminatory comments, innuendos, epithets, slurs, sexually explicit jokes, whistling,
suggestive or insulting sounds, lewd or sexual comments about an individual’s
appearance, body, dress, sexuality or sexual experience; verbal and/or written abuse of a
sexual nature, graphic verbal and/or written sexually degrading or sexually discriminatory
commentary about an individual’s body or dress, sexually suggestive or obscene letters,
notes, invitations, emails, text messages, internal instant messages, and tweets or other
social media postings;
• Physical conduct: unwelcome or inappropriate touching, physical violence,
intimidation, assault or impeding or blocking normal movements;
• Sex stereotyping, which includes evaluating someone’s conduct or personality
traits against other people’s ideas or perceptions about how individuals of a particular sex
or gender should act or look, and includes, but is not limited to, remarks or comments
regarding a Teammate’s gender expression or requesting that Teammates take on
traditionally gendered roles;
• Hostile actions taken against an individual because of that individual’s sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, gender expression or transgender status, such as:
o Interfering with, destroying or damaging a person’s workstation,
tools or equipment, or otherwise interfering with the individual’s ability to
perform the job;
o Sabotaging an individual’s work;
o Bullying, yelling, name-calling;
o Intentional misuse of an individual’s preferred pronouns;
o Creating different expectations for individuals based on their
perceived identities, such as dress codes that place more emphasis on
women’s attire.
• Retaliation for making reports or threatening to report sexual harassment.
Sexual harassment can occur regardless of the sex or gender of the person committing it or the
person exposed to it.
Not intending to harass is not a defense. The impact of the harassing behavior on another person
is what matters. Whether conduct is considered sexual harassment is viewed from the standpoint
of the person who feels harassed, not the person whose conduct is at issue.
Individuals who observe conduct that may violate this policy (bystanders) are encouraged, but
are not required, to take reasonable action to intervene. Methods to intervene may include
interrupting the conduct, redirecting the situation to appropriate conduct, checking in with the
person at whom the conduct was directed, alerting a supervisor to the situation, and making a
report under this policy. Physical confrontation, violence or assault is not an appropriate method
of intervention. The intervening person must act in accordance with the Company’s policies.
Retaliation is prohibited against any person covered by this policy who, in good faith: makes a
complaint of sexual harassment, either internally or with a government agency, using the
complaint procedures described below; objects to, opposes or speaks out against sexual
harassment; participates in a sexual harassment investigation; encourages another person to
report harassment; or files, testifies, assists or participates in any manner in any investigation,
proceeding or hearing conducted by a governmental enforcement agency. Prohibited retaliation
includes, but is not limited to, termination, demotion, suspension, failure to hire or consider for
hire, publicly releasing personnel files, failure to give equal consideration in making employment
decisions, failure to make employment recommendations impartially, adversely affecting working
conditions or otherwise denying any employment benefit. Retaliation is unlawful and a form of
misconduct that will result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
Individuals who believe that they or any other individual have been subjected to retaliation should
report this concern using the complaint procedure set forth above.
Sexual harassment is illegal under the New York State Human Rights Law, Title VII of the federal
Civil Rights Act of 1964, and some local laws including the New York City Human Rights Law.
Individuals who believe they have been unlawfully harassed or discriminated against may file a
complaint with the EEOC, the New York State Division of Human Rights, the New York City
Commission on Human Rights, another enforcement agency (if applicable) or in certain courts of
law. Agencies accept and investigate charges of sexual harassment. Please note that there may
be deadlines applicable to filing complaints with government agencies or seeking redress in a
court of law.
The EEOC has district, area and regional offices and may be contacted by visiting www.eeoc.gov,
emailing info@eeoc.gov or by telephone at 1-800-669-4000 (TTY 1-800-669-6820).
The New York State Division of Human Rights may be contacted by visiting www.dhr.ny.gov , by
telephone at 718-741-8400, or by mail to One Fordham Plaza, Fourth Floor, Bronx, New York
10458. The New York State Division of Human Rights also maintains a toll-free hotline that
provides counseling and accepts complaints regarding workplace sexual harassment. This hotline
can be reached at 1-800-427-2773.
The New York City Commission on Human Rights can be contacted by visiting
https://www1.nyc.gov/site/cchr/index.page or by telephone at (212) 306-7450. Teammates
subjected to unlawful harassment may be entitled to certain remedies, including monetary
damages, civil penalties, and injunctive relief (such as an order that certain action be taken or
certain behavior stop). Individuals can also contact the town, city or county in which they live or
work to find out whether other local agencies may be able to receive complaints. Additional
information, including the physical location of agency offices and the rules and requirements for
filing complaints, can also be found at the respective agency websites.
The New York City Stop Sexual Harassment Act Fact Sheet can be found here:
https://www1.nyc.gov/assets/doc/downloads/EEO/Stop_Sexual_Harassment_Fact_Sheet.pdf.
Discrimination on the Basis of Gender, Gender Identity or Transgender Status [New York
City]
The Company prohibits discrimination against and/or harassment of applicants, Teammates, and
interns on the basis of their actual or perceived gender or actual or perceived status as an
individual who is transgender, gender non-conforming or intersex. For purposes of this policy,
gender includes gender identity, self-image, appearance, behavior or expression. Harassment
includes, but is not limited to, violence, threats of violence and similar conduct.
The Company evaluates all requests for reasonable accommodation (including requests for
medical leaves or schedule changes), changes to the terms and conditions of employment,
program participation or use of a public accommodation in a non-discriminatory manner. This
includes, but is not limited to, treating leave requests for medical or heath care needs related to
an individual’s gender identity in the same manner as requests related to other medical conditions.
Teammates who engage with the public as part of their job duties are required to do so in a
respectful, non-discriminatory manner by respecting gender diversity and ensuring that members
of the public are not subject to discrimination (including discrimination with respect to single-
gender programs and facilities).
Preferred Names, Titles and Pronouns
The Company allows Teammates to self-identify their names and genders and will use an
individual’s preferred name, gendered title (e.g., Mr./ Ms.) and pronoun (e.g., he/him/his;
she/her/hers; they/them/theirs; or ze/hir). Requests to be addressed by a certain name and/or
pronoun do not require supporting documentation.
If a Teammate is unsure what name, title or pronoun another individual prefers, that Teammate
can ask the person how the person would like to be addressed.
Facilities Designated as Single-Gender
All Teammates have the right to use single-gender facilities, such as restrooms, consistent with
their gender. To the extent possible, the Company will provide single-occupancy restrooms and/or
private space within multi-user facilities for individuals with privacy concerns but will not require
use of a single-occupancy bathroom because an individual is transgender or gender non-
conforming.
Dress Code
The Company’s dress code and grooming standards are gender neutral, meaning they do not
differentiate or impose restrictions or requirements based on gender or sex.
Reporting and Anti-Retaliation
Teammates with questions or concerns regarding their safety, gender discrimination and/or a
request for a reasonable accommodation or who feel they have been subjected to discrimination
or improperly denied an accommodation, should contact their Human Resources representative.
The Company prohibits and does not tolerate retaliation against Teammates who report issues
or concerns of gender discrimination pursuant to this policy in good faith.
Pregnancy Accommodation [Teammates in New York City, New York]
Teammates and applicants for employment in New York City may request a reasonable
accommodation for pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions (including lactation). The
Company will provide a requested reasonable accommodation that would enable the Teammate
or applicant to perform the essential functions of her job unless the accommodation would impose
an undue hardship on the Company’s business operations.
Teammates may be required to provide medical or other information that is necessary for the
Company’s consideration of a reasonable accommodation. Such medical information will be kept
confidential.
Teammates or applicants for employment who have questions about this policy or who wish to
request a reasonable accommodation under this policy should contact their Human Resources
representative. Teammates who need reasonable break time to express breast milk for their child
should consult the Company’s Lactation Accommodation policy and can discuss those
arrangements with their supervisor, a Human Resources representative. Human Resources will
communicate with the Teammate and engage in good faith in a cooperative dialogue (written
and/or oral) concerning the Teammate’s accommodation needs. At the conclusion of this
dialogue, the Company will provide a Teammate who requested an accommodation and
participated in the dialogue with a final written determination identifying any accommodation
granted or denied. The Company will not retaliate against or tolerate retaliation against
Teammates who request an accommodation in accordance with this policy.
Requests for Schedule Changes [New York City]
All Teammates (whether full-time, part-time or temporary) who work 80 or more hours per
calendar year in New York City and who have worked for the Company for at least 120 days are
eligible for two temporary schedule changes per year for certain personal events.
Temporary Schedule Changes for Qualifying Personal Events
Upon request, the Company will grant two temporary schedule changes per year for up to one (i)
business day per request. or, with Company approval, two business days for one request. The
Company may, in its discretion, grant one temporary schedule change that impacts two business
days, in which case the Teammate will not be entitled to a second temporary schedule change in
the same calendar year. The Company’s calendar year is January 1 – December 31.
For purposes of this policy, a temporary schedule change is a limited alteration to a Teammate’s
usual schedule, including hours, times or work location. Alterations may include but are not limited
to: (i) using available paid time off; (ii) working remotely; (iii) swapping or shifting work hours; or
(iv) using short term unpaid leave.
The Company may require Teammates to take unpaid leave in lieu of the Teammate’s requested
temporary schedule change and the unpaid leave will be counted as one of the Teammate’s
allotted schedule changes. Leave granted as a temporary schedule change will generally be
unpaid for nonexempt Teammates. However, Teammates are allowed, but not required, to use
any available, accrued paid leave.
Teammates can request temporary schedule changes for the following personal events:
• To care for a minor child for whom the Teammate provides direct and ongoing care;
• To care for a disabled individual (a “care recipient”) who is the Teammate’s family member
or resides in the Teammate’s household and for whom the Teammate provides direct and
ongoing care to meet the needs of daily living;
• To attend a legal proceeding or hearing for subsistence benefits to which the Teammate,
a family member or care recipient is a party; or
• For reasons specified in the Company’s Paid Safe and Sick Time (New York City) policy.
Eligible family members include a Teammate’s current or former spouse or registered domestic
partner; parent; child (including biological, adopted, step or foster child, a legal ward or a child of
a Teammate standing in loco parentis); sibling (including a biological, half, adopted or step-
sibling); parent or child of a Teammate’s spouse or registered domestic partner; grandchild;
grandparent; an individual related to the Teammate by blood; and an individual whose close
association with the Teammate is the equivalent of a family relationship.
Requesting Temporary Scheduling Changes
Teammates who wish to request temporary schedule changes under this policy must notify their
supervisor as soon as they are aware of the need for a temporary schedule change. This initial
notification can be made orally but must indicate that the requested change is due to a personal
event and must describe the requested temporary schedule change, unless the Teammate is only
seeking leave without pay. The Company will respond to this initial request for a temporary
schedule change as soon as possible.
If a Teammate’s initial request was not in writing, the Teammate must, as soon as practicable and
no later than the second business day after returning to work following the conclusion of the
temporary schedule change, also submit the schedule change request in writing to their
supervisor indicating the date for which the change was requested and that it was due to the
Teammate’s personal event.
Other Schedule Change Requests
Teammates are also allowed to request schedule changes (i.e., changes to the times, days and/or
locations they are expected to work) in addition to those temporary schedule changes described
above. The Company will, in its discretion, grant or deny the request. Teammates who wish to
make additional schedule change requests should follow the procedure described above.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other types of accommodation and other forms of leave under certain
federal, state, and municipal laws. In certain situations, time off allowed under this policy may run
at the same time as leave available under another policy or under another federal, state, or
municipal law, provided eligibility requirements are met. However, unpaid leave provided as one
or both of the two temporary schedule changes described in this policy is in addition to and will
not run concurrently with leave provided under the Company’s New York City Paid Sick and Safe
Time policy. Teammates are not required to exhaust their New York City Paid Sick and Safe Time
before requesting a temporary schedule change in accordance with this policy.
The Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact
Human Resources for information about other federal, state and municipal leave rights or
workplace accommodations.
Retaliation
The Company prohibits retaliation against a Teammate for requesting a schedule change, filing
a complaint, communicating with others about the law, participating in an investigation or
proceeding regarding an alleged violation of the law, mistakenly invoking rights under the law or
otherwise exercising their rights under the law, even if the Teammate does not specifically
reference the Temporary Schedule Change Law and even if the Teammate is not entitled to a
schedule change.
Meal Breaks
Teammates other than those working in, or in connection with, the Company’s factories working
at least a six-hour workday, which extends over the noon meal period (11 a.m. to 2 p.m.), are
entitled to a 30-minute meal break to be taken between 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. Teammates who start
their workday before 11 a.m. and continue after 7 p.m. are entitled to a 30-minute noon meal
break and an additional 20-minute break between 5 p.m. and 7 p.m.
Teammates who work more than six hours in their workday starting between the hours of 1 p.m.
and 6 a.m. are entitled to a meal break of at least 45 minutes in the middle of their workday.
An uninterrupted meal break lasting 30 minutes or more will be unpaid for nonexempt
Teammates.
Teammates may not take a shorter meal break or skip a meal break to leave early.
All nonexempt Teammates must record their meal breaks.
Lactation Accommodation
The Company will provide a reasonable amount of break time to accommodate a Teammate
desiring to express milk for the Teammate’s child for up to three years following the birth of a
child.
Nursing parents can elect to take time to express milk during their regularly scheduled meal and
rest breaks. If the Teammate chooses a time to express milk that does not run concurrently with
scheduled break time, the lactation break time will be unpaid for nonexempt Teammates. Where
additional lactation breaks are required, or the break schedule needs to be modified from time to
time, Teammates should work with their supervisor regarding scheduling. A nonexempt
Teammate may elect to work before or after their normal shift to make up the amount of time used
during unpaid break time for expression of milk, so long as the additional time requested falls
within the Company’s normal work hours.
Teammates are required to provide reasonable, advance notice to the Company that they intend
to take breaks for expressing milk upon returning to work following the birth of the child.
Lactation Room
Teammates have the right to request a lactation room for purposes of expressing milk. The
lactation room will be a well-lit, sanitary place, other than a restroom or toilet stall, that is shielded
from view, free from intrusion, in reasonable proximity to the Teammate’s work area. The lactation
room will include an electrical outlet, a chair, a working surface area on which to place a breast
pump and other personal items, nearby access to running water, and access to refrigeration for
the purposes of storing the expressed milk (if the workplace has access to refrigeration). Please
note that the Company is not responsible for ensuring the safekeeping of expressed milk stored
in any refrigerator on its premises. The Teammate is required to store all expressed milk in closed
containers, regardless of the method of storage, and should remove such milk at the end of the
workday.
To request use of a lactation room, Teammates should complete a Lactation Room Request Form
and submit the form to Human Resources. The Company will respond to the Teammate’s request
within a reasonable amount of time, not to exceed five (5) business days. Teammates should
contact Human Resources with any follow-up inquiries.
A room identified for use as a lactation room may also be used for other purposes. However,
Teammates’ need of a room for lactation breaks will be prioritized, and during times when a
Teammate is using the room as a lactation room, that will be its sole function. When two or more
Teammates need to use the room for lactation purposes or in connection with other
accommodations, they should contact and work together with Human Resources to schedule
room usage cooperatively and in a way that accommodates all affected Teammates.
If providing the requested lactation room will place an undue hardship on the Company’s
operations, the Company will engage in reasonable efforts to provide a room or location, other
than a restroom or toilet stall, that is in close proximity to the work area where a Teammate can
express milk in private and will in good faith engage in a cooperative dialogue with the Teammate
concerning the Teammate’s accommodation needs].
The Company will not demote, terminate, or otherwise take adverse action, or discriminate or
retaliate, against a Teammate who requests or makes use of the accommodations and break time
described in this policy.
Time Off to Vote
The Company encourages all Teammates to fulfill their civic responsibilities and to vote in public
elections. The Company provides Teammates who are registered voters with up to two hours of
paid time off to vote if they do not have sufficient time outside of their scheduled working hours in
which to vote. Additional time off will be without pay, except that exempt Teammates may receive
pay, as required by applicable law. Four consecutive hours between the opening of the polls and
the start of the Teammate’s work shift or between the end of the Teammate’s work shift and the
closing of the polls will be considered sufficient time outside of work to vote.
Time off to vote will be provided only at the beginning or end of the Teammate’s shift, unless the
Company and the Teammate mutually agree to different timing. Teammates intending to take
leave to vote must inform their supervisor at least two, but not more than 10, working days prior
to Election Day. The Teammate’s supervisor will designate when the leave should be taken (e.g.,
at the beginning or end of the shift).
Proof of having voted may be required.
Blood Donation Leave
Teammates who work an average of 20 or more hours per week will be granted an unpaid leave
of absence if they seek to donate blood. Eligible Teammates will be granted up to three hours of
leave per calendar year to donate blood off-site or will be provided with an opportunity to donate
blood on-site during work hours (such as through a blood drive) at a convenient time and place.
Time spent donating blood on-site will be paid. Time spent donating blood off-site will be unpaid
for nonexempt Teammates.
Except in emergencies, Teammates who seek leave under this policy must give reasonable notice
to their supervisor of at least three working days prior to taking leave for blood donation off-
premises and two working days for on-site and other alternative blood donation drives.
Teammates must also provide documentation to their supervisor immediately after such leave is
taken.
The Company will not retaliate or tolerate retaliation against a Teammate for requesting or taking
blood donation leave.
New York Paid Family Leave Benefits
In accordance with the New York Paid Family Leave Benefits Law (“PFLBL”), eligible Teammates
are entitled to a leave of absence to care for a family member with a serious health condition,
bond with a new child, or assist with obligations that arise when a spouse, domestic partner, child,
or parent is called into active military service. Teammates are also eligible to receive partial wage
replacement benefits during the leave through a state-mandated Paid Family Leave Benefits
program.
Teammate Eligibility
New York Teammates who work 20 hours or more per week for 26 weeks are eligible for Paid
Family Leave (PFL) under the PFLBL. Teammates who work fewer than 20 hours per week are
eligible for PFL after completing 175 days of employment.
Length of Paid Family Leave
Teammates will be eligible for up to a maximum of 12 weeks of PFL in a consecutive 52-week
period. Teammates are limited to the maximum amount of PFL in a consecutive 52-week period,
even if they begin employment with a different covered employer during that 52-week period.
Qualifying Reasons for Leave
PFL may be taken for the following reasons:
• To provide physical or psychological care (including, for example, emotional support,
visitation, assistance in treatment, transportation, arranging for a change in care,
assistance with essential daily living matters and personal attendant services) for a family
member because of the family member’s serious health condition;
• To bond with the Teammate’s child during the first 12 months after the child’s birth, or
during the first 12 months after placement of the child for adoption or foster care; or
• For a “qualifying exigency,” as defined under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act
(“FMLA”), arising from the active-duty military service (or notification of an impending call
to active duty) of a Teammate’s spouse, domestic partner, child or parent.
For purposes of this policy, a “family member” includes a child, parent, grandparent, grandchild,
sibling, spouse or domestic partner. A “child” includes a biological, adopted or foster child,
stepchild, the child of a domestic partner, a legal ward or someone to whom the eligible Teammate
stands in loco parentis, meaning in the place of a parent. A “parent” includes a biological parent,
foster parent, adoptive parent, stepparent, parent-in-law, parent of a domestic partner, legal
guardian of the Teammate or an individual who stood in loco parentis to the Teammate when the
Teammate was a child. A “sibling” includes a biological or adopted sibling, a half-sibling or a
stepsibling.
PFL may not be taken for the Teammate’s own disability or health condition. Teammates taking
PFL to provide care to a family member with a serious health condition must be present at the
same location as the family member or engaged in reasonable travel related to providing care
during the majority of the employment period for which the Teammate takes leave.
The Company is not required to provide PFL to two Teammates at the same time to care for the
same family member. If time off is provided to both Teammates, the PFL taken by each Teammate
will be counted towards that Teammate’s PFL entitlement.
Intermittent Leave
Teammates can take PFL on an intermittent basis. Teammates seeking intermittent leave must
notify the Company and the insurance carrier of the schedule for intermittent leave.
Teammates taking PFL in weekly increments will be eligible for the maximum number of weeks
of leave in any 52 consecutive week period. Teammates can take PFL in daily increments. The
number of days of PFL available will be based on the average number of days the Teammate
works per week. For example, a Teammate who works an average of three days per week will
receive the equivalent of three days per week for twelve weeks, up to a maximum of 36 days.
Wage Replacement Benefits
A Teammate cannot receive both New York state disability benefits and PFL benefits for the same
period of time. An eligible Teammate may opt to receive both disability and PFL benefits during a
post-partum/baby bonding period but may not receive both benefits at the same time. In addition,
a Teammate who is eligible for both disability and PFL benefits during the same 52-week period
cannot receive more than 26 total weeks of disability and PFL benefits combined during that time
period.
Payroll Deductions
PFL benefits are funded by Teammate contributions made through payroll deductions. The
amount of a Teammate’s contribution depends on the Teammate’s average weekly wage. The
maximum deduction amount will be adjusted periodically by the State of New York. The amount
of any deduction taken will be reflected on a Teammate’s paystub.
Teammates who are not eligible for PFL benefits because they are not scheduled to meet the
eligibility criteria regarding weeks or days worked can sign a waiver of benefits that relieves them
from making the PFL benefits contribution. Ineligible Teammates who wish to complete such a
waiver should contact Human Resources. If, after signing the waiver, a Teammate’s schedule
changes such that the Teammate is scheduled to meet the eligibility requirements, the waiver will
be deemed revoked within eight weeks of the schedule change. Once the waiver is revoked, the
Teammate will be required to make PFL contributions, including a retroactive amount that covers
contributions since the time of hire.
Requesting Leave
Teammates seeking PFL must provide at least 30 days advance notice to the Company when the
need for leave is foreseeable. If the need for leave is unforeseeable, Teammates must provide
notice as soon as practicable. The notice should include the timing and duration of the leave and
identify the type of family leave needed. Failure to provide timely notice may result in a partial
denial or delay in a Teammate’s receipt of PFL. Teammates must advise the Company as soon
as practicable if the dates of a scheduled leave change or are extended.
Teammates seeking PFL benefits will also be required to submit a Request for Paid Family Leave
Form and required certifications. Teammates must submit proof of the need for PFL within 30
days of the commencement of leave. The Company will complete its portion of the Request for
Paid Family Leave Form and return it to the Teammate within three business days.
If the dates for PFL, including any intermittent use of PFL, are not specified on the Request for
Paid Family Leave, payment of benefits may be withheld until the information is provided. A
Teammate must request payment for a previously unspecified day of PFL within thirty days of the
leave.
Teammates are also required to provide additional documentation supporting the need for leave.
Required documentation may include, for example, a birth certificate or adoption paperwork for
bonding leave or a medical certification from a healthcare provider for leave to care for a family
member’s serious health condition.
Benefits
The Company will continue making contributions to Teammate group health benefits during the
leave on the same terms as if the Teammate had continued to actively work. This means that if
Teammates want their benefits coverage to continue during the PFL, they must also continue to
make the same premium payments that they are now required to make for themselves or their
dependents. Failure to make timely payments may result in termination of health insurance
coverage.
Effect on Other Rights and Paid Leave
When leave qualifies as protected family leave under both the PFLBL and the FMLA, leave
entitlements under both laws will run concurrently. Teammates will not receive more than the
maximum family leave available under either the PFLBL or the FMLA, as applicable.
Where time off qualifies as both PFL and FMLA leave, Teammates are required to use available
vacation, paid sick time and other available paid time off in accordance with the provisions of the
FMLA and the Company’s FMLA policy. When PFL does not qualify as FMLA leave, Teammates
can choose, but are not required, to use available vacation, paid sick leave or other paid time off
to receive full salary or wages during some or all of the PFL.
Return from Leave
Under most circumstances, Teammates who return to work as scheduled at the end of PFL will
be reinstated to the same position they held at the time of the leave or to a comparable position
with comparable benefits, pay and other terms and conditions of employment. Teammates are
not entitled under the PFLBL to accrue employment benefits or obtain seniority during any period
of PFL, nor are they entitled to any right, benefit or position to which they would have been entitled
absent the PFL.
Fraudulent Use of PFL Prohibited
Teammates who fraudulently obtain PFL from the Company are not protected by the PFL’s job
restoration or maintenance of health benefits provisions and may be subject to disciplinary action,
up to and including termination of employment.
Protected Rights
The Company takes its PFL obligations very seriously and will not interfere, restrain or deny the
exercise of any right protected under the PFLBL. The Company will not terminate or otherwise
discriminate against any individual because that person uses or attempts to use PFL. If a
Teammate believes that their PFLBL rights have been violated in any way, they should
immediately report the matter to Human Resources.
Teammates may also contact Human Resources with questions.
Paid Sick and Safe Leave (New York)
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick and safe leave in accordance with the
requirements of New York’s Sick and Safe Leave Law (“NYSSLL”).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
All Teammates (whether full-time, part-time, or temporary) who work more than 80 hours per
calendar year in New York City are eligible to accrue paid sick and safe time. The Company's
calendar year starts on January 1 of each year.
Accrual of Sick and Safe Time
Eligible Teammates accrue paid sick and safe time on the Teammate's date of hire.
Sick and safe time is accrued at a rate of one hour for every 30 hours worked in New York City,
up to a maximum accrual of 56 hours in a single calendar year. Time off for sick, vacation or other
paid time off is not included in actual hours worked. Salaried exempt Teammates will be assumed
to work 40 hours in a week unless the Teammate's regular work week is less than forty 40 hours,
in which case sick and safe time accrues based upon that regular workweek.
Paid sick and safe time may be used in an initial increment of four (4) hours and then in half-hour
increments thereafter.
Eligible Teammates may use up to a maximum of 56 hours of ESSTA-covered time in any
calendar year (January 1 – December 31). All ESSTA time used for the purposes outlined below
must be coded as such in the Company’s timekeeping system for recordkeeping purposes.
Once you have used 56 hours of ESSTA-covered time in any given calendar year, any additional
sick time that you use during that same calendar year will not be covered by this policy or the
ESSTA.
Reasons Sick and Safe Time May be Used
Eligible Teammates may use paid sick and safe time for the following reasons:
• For an eligible Teammate's mental or physical illness, injury or health condition or need
for medical diagnosis, care or treatment of a mental or physical illness, injury or health
condition or need for preventive medical care (e.g., screenings, checkups, patient
counseling to prevent health problems);
• To care for an eligible family member who needs medical diagnosis, care or treatment of
a mental or physical illness, injury or health condition or who needs preventive medical
care; or
• If the Teammate’s workplace is closed by order of a public official due to a public health
emergency, or the Teammate needs to care for a child whose school or childcare provider
has been closed by order of a public official due to a public health emergency. Such
emergency must be declared by the New York City Mayor's office or the New York City
Commissioner of Health.
• If the Teammate or an eligible family member is the victim of a family offense matter,
sexual offense, stalking or human trafficking and time off is needed to:
• Obtain services from a domestic violence shelter, rape crisis center or other shelter or
services program;
• Participate in safety planning, temporarily or permanently relocate, or take other
actions to increase the safety of the Teammate or family member;
• Meet with a civil attorney or other social service provider to obtain information and
advice on, and prepare for or participate in, any criminal or civil proceeding, including
but not limited to matters related to a family offense matter, sexual offense, stalking,
human trafficking, custody, visitation, matrimonial issues, orders of protection,
immigration, housing, discrimination in employment, housing or consumer credit;
• File a complaint or domestic incident report with law enforcement;
• Meet with a district attorney’s office;
• Enroll children in a new school; or
• Take other actions necessary to maintain, improve, or restore the physical,
psychological, or economic health or safety of the Teammate or family member or to
protect those who associate or work with the Teammate.
A “family offense matter” is actual or threatened disorderly conduct, harassment, aggravated
harassment, sexual misconduct, forcible touching, sexual abuse, stalking, criminal mischief,
menacing, reckless endangerment, strangulation, criminal obstruction of breathing or blood
circulation, assault, identity theft, coercion or grand larceny, between spouses, former spouses,
a parent and child or between members of the same family or household.
Eligible family members include a Teammate's spouse or registered domestic partner; parent,
parent-in-law or parent of a domestic partner; child or child of a domestic partner, including a
biological, adopted or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward or a child of a Teammate standing in
loco parentis; sibling, including a half-sibling, step-sibling and sibling related through adoption;
grandchild; grandparent; an individual related to the Teammate by blood and an individual whose
close association with the Teammate is the equivalent of a family relationship .
Paid sick and safe time may not be used as additional vacations days. Additionally, paid sick and
safe time may not to be used to extend employment or to delay a termination date. A Teammate
who uses sick and safe time for purposes other than those permitted by this policy will be subject
to disciplinary action, up to and including termination from employment.
Requesting Sick and Safe Time/Documentation
Teammates must provide seven days' advanced written notice if the need for sick and safe time
is foreseeable (i.e., expected or planned leave). When the need for sick and safe time is
unforeseeable, the Company does not require advance written notice, but Teammates may be
required to document their request for sick time and/or provide written confirmation that they used
sick time for purposes permitted under this policy. To provide notice of the need to use sick and
safe time, Teammates should contact their Human Resources representative.
If sick and safe time is for more than three consecutive work days, the Company may request that
Teammates provide supporting documentation establishing the need for and duration of sick and
safe time. Work days are the days or parts of days Teammates would have worked had they not
used sick and safe time.
The documentation should not disclose the nature of a Teammate’s illness, injury or health
condition or specify the details of a family offense matter, sexual offense, stalking or human
trafficking. If requested, such documentation must be provided within seven (7) days of returning
to work. Teammates are responsible for the cost of such documentation not otherwise covered
by the Teammate’s insurance or any other benefit plan.
Failure to provide required medical documentation may result in violation of the attendance policy
and discipline, up to and including termination of employment.
Teammates are not required to search for or find a replacement worker to cover the hours during
which such Teammate is utilizing sick and safe leave
If sick and safe time is for fewer than three consecutive days, the Company may request that
Teammates provide written confirmation that they used the time for a permissible purpose.
Rate of Pay and Overtime
Sick and safe time is paid based on the Teammate's straight time pay rate in effect at the time
the sick and safe time is taken. Sick and safe time is not considered time worked for the purpose
of calculating overtime for the week in which the sick and safe time was taken. Teammates will
not receive overtime pay for sick and safe leave.
Teammates who have accrued time remaining at the end of the year may carry over up to 56
hours of the accrued and unused time to the next calendar year. However, Teammates may not
use more than 56 hours of sick and safe time in a calendar year.
The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual sick and safe time.
Confidentiality
In accordance with the ESSTA, the Company will keep confidential the health information of the
Teammate or Teammate's family member, as well as information related to the Teammate’s or
family member’s status or perceived status as a victim of family offenses, sexual offenses, stalking
or human trafficking. When such information is provided solely for the purposes of using paid sick
and safe time, it will not be disclosed except by the affected Teammate, with the written
permission of the affected Teammate or as required by law. The Company reserves the right to
consider this information in connection with a request for sick and safe time or in connection with
a request for a reasonable accommodation for a victim of domestic violence, stalking or a sex
offense.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
Benefits and leave rights herein will run concurrently with benefits or leave rights under any other
applicable law or policy, where permissible and applicable. The Company may provide other
forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or issues related to domestic
violence, stalking or sex offenses under certain federal, state and municipal laws. In certain
situations leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another
federal or state law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company is
committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact Human Resources
for information about other federal, state and municipal medical, victim or family leave rights.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick and safe time is not provided upon separation
from employment for any reason, unless otherwise provided under the Company’s sick time policy
as stated in the main Handbook. Unless it was paid out upon separation, if a Teammate is rehired
by the Company within six months of separation from employment, previously accrued but unused
sick and safe time will be immediately reinstated.
Retaliation
Teammates have the right to request and use sick and safe time. The Company will not retaliate,
or tolerate retaliation, against any Teammate who seeks or obtains sick and safe time under this
policy or who makes a good faith complaint about a possible ESSTA violation or who
communicates with any person about such a violation. In addition, the Company will not retaliate
against any Teammate who informs another person about the rights under the ESSTA.
Paid Sick and Safe Time (All New York State Teammates)
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick and safe time in accordance with the
requirements of the New York State Paid Sick Leave Law (“PSLL”).
The guidelines in this policy do not supersede applicable federal, state, or local laws regarding
leaves of absence, including but not limited to leave taken under the Family and Medical Leave
Act (FMLA), leave taken as a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA), or any other applicable federal, state, or local law, including those prohibiting
discrimination and harassment. Where applicable, leave under this policy will run concurrently
with all other applicable leaves.
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
A New York Eligible Teammate is defined as all full-time, part-time and temporary Teammates
working within New York State. The Company's calendar year starts on January 1 of each year.
Accrual of Sick and Safe Time
Eligible Teammates accrue paid sick and safe time on the Teammate's date of hire.
Sick and safe time is accrued at a rate of one hour for every 30 hours worked in New York City,
up to a maximum accrual of 56 hours in a single calendar year. Time off for sick, vacation or other
paid time off is not included in actual hours worked. Salaried exempt Teammates will be assumed
to work 40 hours in a week unless the Teammate's regular work week is less than forty 40 hours,
in which case sick and safe time accrues based upon that regular workweek.
Paid sick and safe time may be used in an initial increment of four (4) hours and then in half-hour
increments thereafter.
Eligible Teammates may use up to a maximum of 56 hours of PSLL-covered time in any calendar
year (January 1 – December 31). All PSLL time used for the purposes outlined below must be
coded as such in the Company’s timekeeping system for recordkeeping purposes.
Once you have used 56 hours of PSLL-covered time in any given calendar year, any additional
sick time that you use during that same calendar year will not be covered by this policy or the
PSLL.
Reasons Sick and Safe Time May be Used
Eligible Teammates may use paid sick and safe time for the following reasons:
• Mental or physical illness, injury or health condition of a Teammate or eligible family
member;
• Medical diagnosis, care (including preventive care) or treatment of a mental or physical
illness, injury or health condition of a Teammate or eligible family member;
• Safe Time: when the Teammate or eligible family member is the victim of a family offense
matter, sexual offense, stalking, or human trafficking, in order to:
• Obtain services from a domestic violence shelter, rape crisis center, or other shelter or
services program;
• Participate in safety planning, temporarily or permanently relocate, or take other actions
to increase the safety of the Teammate or Teammate’s family members;
• Meet with an attorney or other social service provider to obtain information and advice on,
and prepare for or participate in any criminal or civil proceeding, including but not limited
to, matters related to any criminal or civil proceeding;
• File a complaint or domestic incident report with law enforcement;
• Meet with a district attorney’s office;
• Enroll children in a new school; or
• Take other actions necessary to ensure the health or safety of the Teammate or the
Teammate’s family member or to protect those who associate or work with the Teammate.
“Eligible family members” include:
• Child: Regardless of age, a biological, adopted or foster child; a legal ward; a child of a
Teammate standing in loco parentis, and Child of a spouse or domestic partner;
• Spouse or Domestic Partner;
• Parent: A biological, foster, step, or adoptive parent; a legal guardian of a Teammate; a
person who stood in loco parentis when the Teammate was a minor child; and Parent of
a spouse or domestic partner;
• Sibling: A Teammate’s brother or sister, including half-siblings, step-siblings and siblings
related through adoption.
• Grandchild or Grandparent: a Child of a Teammate’s Child or Parent of a Teammate’s
Parent.
Paid sick and safe time may not be used as additional vacations days. Additionally, paid sick and
safe time may not to be used to extend employment or to delay a termination date. A Teammate
who uses sick and safe time for purposes other than those permitted by this policy will be subject
to disciplinary action, up to and including termination from employment.
Requesting Sick and Safe Time/Documentation
To the extent practicable, Teammates should provide seven days' advanced written notice if the
need for sick and safe time is foreseeable (i.e., expected or planned leave). When the need for
sick and safe time is unforeseeable, Teammates should provide notice as soon as practicable in
advance of their scheduled shift. To provide notice of the need to use sick and safe time,
Teammates should contact their Human Resources representative.
If sick and safe time is used for more than three consecutive workdays, the Company may request
that Teammates provide supporting documentation establishing the need for and duration of time
off needed. The documentation should not disclose the nature of a Teammate’s illness, injury or
health condition or specify the details of a family offense matter, sexual offense, stalking or human
trafficking.
Failure to provide required medical documentation may result in violation of the attendance policy
and discipline, up to and including termination of employment.
Teammates are not required to search for or find a replacement worker to cover the hours during
which such Teammate is utilizing sick and safe leave
If sick and safe time is for fewer than three consecutive days, the Company may request that
Teammates provide written confirmation that they used the time for a permissible and covered
purpose.
Rate of Pay and Overtime
Sick and safe time is paid based on the Teammate's straight time pay rate in effect at the time
the sick and safe time is taken. Sick and safe time is not considered time worked for the purpose
of calculating overtime for the week in which the sick and safe time was taken. Teammates will
not receive overtime pay based on sick and safe leave time.
Teammates who have accrued time remaining at the end of the year may carry over their accrued
and unused time to the next calendar year. However, Teammates may not use more than 56
hours of sick and safe time in a calendar year.
The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual sick and safe time.
Confidentiality
In accordance with the PSLL, the Company will keep confidential the health information of the
Teammate or Teammate's family member, as well as information related to the Teammate’s or
family member’s status or perceived status as a victim of family offenses, sexual offenses, stalking
or human trafficking. When such information is provided solely for the purposes of using paid sick
and safe time, it will not be disclosed except by the affected Teammate, with the written
permission of the affected Teammate or as required by law. The Company reserves the right to
consider this information in connection with a request for sick and safe time or in connection with
a request for a reasonable accommodation for a victim of domestic violence, stalking or a sex
offense.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
Benefits and leave rights herein will run concurrently with benefits or leave rights under any other
applicable law or policy, where permissible and applicable. The Company may provide other
forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or issues related to domestic
violence, stalking or sex offenses under certain federal, state and municipal laws. In certain
situations leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another
federal or state law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company is
committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact Human Resources
for information about other federal, state and municipal medical, victim or family leave rights.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick and safe time is not provided upon separation
from employment for any reason, unless otherwise provided under the Company’s sick time policy
as stated in the main Handbook. Unless it was paid out upon separation, if a Teammate is rehired
by the Company within six months of separation from employment, previously accrued but unused
sick and safe time will be immediately reinstated.
Retaliation
Teammates have the right to request and use sick and safe time. The Company will not retaliate,
or tolerate retaliation, against any Teammate who seeks or obtains sick and safe time under this
policy or who makes a good faith complaint about a possible PSLL violation or who communicates
with any person about such a violation. In addition, the Company will not retaliate against any
Teammate who informs another person about the rights under the PSLL.
Temporary Disability Benefits
New York Teammates who are temporarily disabled by a non-work-related injury or illness
(including disability due to pregnancy), may be eligible to receive disability benefits. Generally,
full-time Teammates must be employed for four or more consecutive weeks with the Company to
be eligible for disability benefits. Part-time Teammates are generally eligible for disability benefits
beginning on their twenty-fifth day of employment.
Disability benefits are not paid during the first seven consecutive days of any period of disability.
Benefits begin on the eighth consecutive day of a disability and may continue being paid for up to
a maximum of 26 weeks during any one period of disability or a 52-week period. Eligible
Teammates will receive a weekly benefit amount equal to 50 percent of their average weekly
wage for the 8 weeks immediately prior to their disability, up to a maximum weekly benefit amount.
Teammates will generally not be eligible to receive disability benefits if they are receiving workers’
compensation, permanent disability, or unemployment. Likewise, Teammates are ineligible for
disability benefits if they perform any type of work for which they receive wages or profit, even if
that work is performed at home. Teammates cannot collect both disability benefits and New York
Paid Family Leave (PFL) benefits concurrently. A Teammate who is eligible for both PFL benefits
and disability benefits in the same 52-week period may not receive more than 26 total weeks of
combined PFL and disability benefits during that period. Teammates may use any accrued but
unused vacation or sick leave prior to receiving disability benefits. Teammates may also choose
to use accrued but unused vacation or sick leave to supplement disability benefits received; if the
Teammate chooses to do so, the Company will integrate all paid benefits so that the Teammate
will not be paid more than their regular compensation at any time.
The disability benefits described in this policy are a partial wage replacement benefit, not a
protected leave of absence. Teammates are required to obtain approval for a leave of absence
by contacting their Human Resources representative and to comply with applicable eligibility,
notice, and certification requirements when required by Company policy or applicable law. When
applicable, disability benefits will run concurrently with leave time available under the federal
Family and Medical Leave Act and any other applicable law.
When filing a claim for disability benefits, Teammates will be required to submit a Notice and Proof
of Claim for Disability Benefits and required certifications to the Company within 30 days of
becoming disabled.
Disability benefits are funded by Teammate contributions made through payroll deductions. The
amount of a Teammate’s contribution depends on the Teammate’s average weekly wage. The
maximum deduction amount will be adjusted periodically by the State of New York. The amount
of any deduction taken will be reflected on a Teammate’s paystub.
The Company takes its disability benefits obligations very seriously and will not interfere, restrain,
or deny the exercise of any right protected under the New York disability benefits law. If a
Teammate believes that their New York disability benefits rights have been violated in any way,
they should immediately report the matter to Human Resources.
Teammates may also contact the Human Resources department with questions.
Airborne Infectious Disease Exposure Prevention Plan
New York employers are legally required to include an Airborne Infectious Disease
Exposure Prevention Plan in their handbooks and can do so by completing and adding the
NY DOL’s Model Airborne Infectious Disease Exposure Prevention Plan as an addendum.
There are industry-specific model plans available for the following industries: Agriculture;
Construction; Delivery Services; Domestic Workers; Emergency Response; Food
Services; Manufacturing and Industry; Personal Services; Private Education; Private
Transportation; and Retail.
Background: In May 2021, New York enacted the Health and Essential Rights Act (“HERO
Act”), which sets minimum safety standards applicable to the private sector. The Act
required the New York State Commissioner of Labor, in consultation with the New York
State Department of Health, to create and publish a model airborne infectious disease
exposure prevention standard for all work sites, differentiated by industry, and to establish
minimum requirements for preventing exposure to airborne infectious diseases in the
workplace. Employers may either adopt the Commissioner’s model airborne infectious
disease exposure prevention plan or create their own safety plan that meets or exceeds
the minimum standards established by the Commissioner. If an employer chooses to
establish its own airborne infectious disease exposure prevention standards, it must do
so in consultation with collective bargaining representatives, or in a non-unionized
workforce, with Teammate participation, and the plan must be customized to incorporate
industry-specific hazards and worksite considerations. Employers are required to
distribute the plan to Teammates in both English and in a Teammate’s primary language,
if other than English, upon hire and upon reopening after business closure due to an
airborne infectious period. Employers must also post the plan at the worksite and
incorporate the plan into a Handbook if the employer maintains a handbook. Moreover,
employers must make the plan available for review upon request by a Teammate,
independent contractor, Teammate representative, collective bargaining representative,
and to labor and public health officials. Importantly, the plan must be distributed as
described, but not put into effect unless and until an airborne infectious disease is
designated by the New York State Commissioner of Health as a highly contagious
communicable disease that presents a serious risk of harm to the public health.
Notice to New York Teammates of Electronic Monitoring
The Company monitors, in its sole discretion, Teammates’ use of its electronic resources. Any
and all telephone conversations or transmissions, email or transmissions, or internet access or
usage by a Teammate using any Company-owned electronic device or Company-owned system
(including, but not limited to, a computer, telephone, wire, radio or electromagnetic,
photoelectronic or photo-optical systems) may be subject to monitoring at any and all times and
by any lawful means. For additional information, please refer to the Computer policy in the
Handbook or contact the IT Department.
MODEL LACTATION ROOM REQUEST FORM
TEAMMATE INFORMATION
Print Full Name:  Current Teammate
 Other
Address: Phone Number:
Title: Email:
Office Telephone Number: Division: Supervisor Name and Phone
Number:
Location:
Date of Form: Please Anticipate Schedule of Usage (times; e.g., between
10am-12pm):
Anticipated First Date of Use:
Any Other Information Related to Request for Lactation Accommodation:
Date: Requestor’s Signature/Authorized Agent’s Signature:
DO NOT WRITE IN THIS SECTION
Location/Unit/Division:
Email and Phone Number:
Date Request Received: Date of Response:
Response: Explanation of Modified Accommodation:
 Granted as requested
 Modified accommodation
granted

Acknowledgement of Receipt of Notice to New York Teammates of Electronic Monitoring
I acknowledge that I have received and read the Company’s Notice to New York Teammates of
Electronic Monitoring. I understand that any and all of my telephone conversations or
transmissions, email or transmissions, or internet access or usage by any electronic Company-
owned device or Company-owned system (including but not limited to the use of a computer,
telephone, wire, radio or electromagnetic, photoelectronic or photo-optical systems) may be
subject to monitoring by the Company at any and all times and by any lawful means.
_____________________________
Signature and Date
_____________________________
Print Name