OREGON SUPPLEMENT
Sexual and Other Prohibited Harassment
The Company is committed to providing a work environment free of harassment. The Company
complies with Oregon law and maintains a strict policy prohibiting sexual harassment and
harassment against Teammates, applicants for employment or interns based on Teammates,
applicants for employment or interns based on race (including physical characteristics that are
historically associated with race, such as natural hair, hair texture, hair type and protective
hairstyles ), color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions),
national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, genetic information, age (18
and over), veteran status, uniform servicemember status, unemployment status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, marital status family status, or having been a victim of sexual abuse,
including domestic abuse, sexual assault or stalking. The Company will not tolerate discrimination
or harassment based upon these characteristics or any other characteristic protected by
applicable federal, state or local law. Sexual harassment prohibited under this policy includes
sexual assault, which is unwanted conduct of a sexual nature that is inflicted upon a person or
compelled through the use of physical force, manipulation, threat or intimidation.
Time Limitations
Nothing in this policy precludes any person from filing a formal grievance in accordance with the
Oregon Bureau of Labor and Industries’ Civil Rights Division or the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission. Note that Oregon state law requires that any legal action taken on
alleged discriminatory conduct (specifically that prohibited by ORS 659A.030, 659A.082 or
659A.112) commence no later than five years after the occurrence of the violation. Other
applicable laws may have a shorter time limitation on filing.
Nondisclosure and Nondisparagement Agreements
The Company will not require or coerce a current, former, or prospective Teammate to enter into
any agreement as a condition of employment, continued employment, promotion, compensation,
or the receipt of benefits, that contains a nondisclosure provision, nondisparagement provision or
any other provision that has the purpose or effect of preventing the individual from disclosing or
discussing unlawful employment discrimination or harassment (including sexual assault). A
Teammate claiming to be aggrieved by discrimination, harassment, or sexual assault may,
however, voluntarily request to enter into a settlement, separation, or severance agreement that
contains a nondisclosure, nondisparagement, or no-rehire provision (as defined below) and/or
prevents the disclosure of the amount of or any fact of any settlement and will have at least seven
days to revoke any such agreement.
Under this policy, a nondisclosure agreement is any agreement by which one or more parties
agree not to discuss or disclose information regarding any complaint of work-related harassment,
discrimination, or sexual assault. A nondisparagement agreement is any agreement by which one
or more parties agree not to discredit or make negative or disparaging written or oral statements
about any other party or the Company. A no-rehire provision is an agreement that prohibits a
Teammate from seeking reemployment with the Company and allows the Company to not rehire
that individual in the future.
Pregnancy Accommodation
The Company will provide Teammates and applicants with a reasonable accommodation for
limitations related to pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condition, including lactation,
unless doing so would impose an undue hardship on the Company’s business. Reasonable
accommodations may include but are not limited to: acquisition or modification of equipment or
devices; more frequent or longer break periods or periodic rest; assistance with manual labor; or
modification of work schedules or job assignments.
The Company will not require a pregnant Teammate or applicant to accept a reasonable
accommodation if the Teammate does not have a known pregnancy-related limitation or require
reasonable accommodation to perform essential job duties, nor will the Company require a
pregnant Teammate to take a leave of absence instead of providing a reasonable
accommodation.
The Company prohibits discrimination against Teammates and applicants on the basis of
pregnancy, childbirth or related condition. The Company will not take an adverse employment
action or in any manner discriminate or retaliate against an applicant or Teammate because they
request, inquire about or use reasonable accommodations in accordance with this policy.
Teammates with questions or concerns regarding this policy or who would like to request
an accommodation should contact Human Resources.
Meal and Rest Breaks
Teammates working at least six-hours will receive an unpaid meal break of 30 minutes
approximately midway through the day. If the work period is at least six but less than seven hours,
the meal period must be taken between the second and fifth hours worked. If the work period is
more than seven hours, the meal period must be taken between the third and sixth hours worked.
An uninterrupted meal break lasting 30 minutes or more will be unpaid for nonexempt
Teammates.
Teammates may not take a shorter meal break or skip a meal break to leave early. All nonexempt
Teammates must record their meal breaks.
Teammates who work at least two hours and one minute will also receive a paid 10-minute rest
break and an additional rest break for every four hours worked thereafter.
Rest breaks will be in addition to any meal breaks and cannot be taken at the beginning or end of
a shift or combined with a meal break.
Paid Sick and Safe Time
Eligibility
All Teammates (including full-time, part-time and temporary Teammates) are eligible to accrue
paid sick and safe time.
Annual Accrual of Paid Sick and Safe Time
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick and safe time upon the first day of employment as
part of their sick time benefits.
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Sick and safe time in the form of sick time benefits under the main sick time policy accrues at a
rate of one hour for every 30 hours worked, up to a maximum accrual cap of 40 hours per calendar
year. Teammates will not accrue paid sick and safe time during periods of paid or unpaid leave.
Salaried exempt Teammates will be assumed to work 40 hours in a week unless the Teammate's
regular workweek is less than 40 hours, in which case sick time accrues based upon that regular
workweek.
Eligible Teammates may use accrued paid sick and safe time beginning on their 91st calendar
day of employment.
A Teammate's use of paid sick and safe time is limited to 40 hours per calendar year. For
qualifying absences, Teammates must use paid sick and safe time on the first day, and on each
subsequent date, until all time is used. Paid sick and safe time can be used in one-hour
increments.
Teammates are not required to find a Teammate to cover their work when they take paid sick and
safe time and are not required to work an alternate shift to make up for the use of such time.
Teammates who have accrued time remaining at the end of the year may carry over up to 40
hours of accrued and unused time to the next year. However, Teammates may not use more than
40 hours of sick and safe time in a year. At no time will a Teammate have more than 80 hours of
accrued sick and safe time.
The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual sick and safe time.
Reasons Sick and Safe Time May be Used
Teammates may use paid sick and safe time for the following reasons:
• For the diagnosis, care or treatment of the Teammate or the Teammate's family member's
mental or physical illness, injury or health condition, including preventive medical care;
• For reasons specified in the Company's FMLA policy or covered under the Oregon Family
Leave Act, including:
To care for a spouse, same-gender domestic partner, child, parent, parent-in-law,
o
grandparent, or grandchild of a Teammate (or of a Teammate's same-sex
domestic partner) or a person with whom the Teammate is or was in a relationship
of in loco parentis with a serious health condition;
For a Teammate's own serious health condition;
o
To care for a sick child of the Teammate or of a same-gender domestic partner
o
who does not have a serious health condition but requires home care;
To be with or care for a child of the Teammate or of a same-gender domestic
o
partner after birth, placement for adoption or foster care (or certain comparable
situations). This parental leave may include any time necessary for the legal
process required for adoption or foster care if the child is under age 18 or is
incapable of self-care because of a physical or mental disability. (This type of leave
must be completed within one year of the birth or placement for adoption);
For a Teammate's own disability due to pregnancy, childbirth or related medical
o
condition or for absence for prenatal care. Pregnancy disability leave is available
only if the Teammate is unable to perform any job duties that the Company is able
to offer, except that leave for prenatal care is covered without regard to disability;
and
To make arrangements necessitated by the death of a family member, to attend
o
the family member's funeral or memorial service, and/or to grieve the death of a
family member.
• For reasons related to domestic violence, harassment, sexual assault or stalking against
the Teammate or the Teammate's minor child or dependent, including:
To seek legal or law enforcement assistance or remedies to ensure the health and
o
safety of the Teammate or the Teammate's minor child or dependent, including
preparing for and participating in protective order proceedings or other civil or
criminal legal proceedings related to domestic violence, harassment, sexual
assault or stalking;
To seek medical treatment for or to recover from injuries caused by domestic
o
violence or sexual assault to or harassment or stalking of the Teammate or the
Teammate's minor child or dependent;
To obtain, or to assist a minor child or dependent in obtaining, counseling from a
o
licensed mental health professional related to an experience of domestic violence,
harassment, sexual assault or stalking;
To obtain services from a victim services provider for the eligible Teammate or the
o
Teammate's minor child or dependent; or
To relocate or take steps to secure an existing home to ensure the health and
o
safety of the Teammate or the Teammate's minor child or dependent.
• If either the Teammate's place of business or the Teammate's child's school or day care
is closed by order of a public official due to a public health emergency or if the Teammate
is excluded from work for health reasons; and
• If a family member's presence in the community jeopardizes the health of others as
determined by a lawful public health authority or by a health care provider.
For purposes of this policy, "family members" include a:
• Spouse or same-gender domestic partner;
• Biological, adopted or foster child;
• Biological, adoptive, step, custodial, non-custodial or foster parent;
• Grandparent or grandchild;
• Parent-in-law or parent of a same-gender domestic partner; and
• Person with whom the Teammate was or is in a relationship in loco parentis, meaning a
relationship in which a person assumes the role of parent for someone who is not their
legal or biological child.
Requesting Paid Sick and Safe Time/Documentation
When the need for paid sick and safe time is foreseeable (i.e., expected or planned leave),
Teammates must provide reasonable advance notice, including, when possible, the expected
duration of the leave, and must make reasonable attempts to schedule the use of paid sick and
safe time in a manner that does not unduly disrupt the company's business operations. When the
need for paid sick and safe time is unforeseeable, Teammates must provide notice before the
start of the Teammate’s shift or, when circumstances prevent such notice, as soon as practicable.
To provide notice of the need to use paid sick and safe time, Teammates should contact Human
Resources by text, email or phone.
Teammates must inform the company of any change in the expected duration of the sick and safe
time as soon as practicable.
If sick and safe time is for more than three consecutive workdays, not including scheduled days
off, Teammates must provide supporting documentation establishing the need for and duration of
sick and safe time. Examples of documentation include, but are not limited to:
• Documentation signed by a licensed health care provider; or
• Documentation for victims of domestic violence, such as a copy of a police report or
protective order.
If the need for sick and safe time is foreseeable and is projected to last more than three scheduled
workdays, the verification must be provided before the sick and safe time begins or as soon as
otherwise practicable. If a Teammate begins leave without providing required prior notice, medical
verification (e.g., for a Teammate’s or family member’s illness, injury or health care or preventative
care) must be provided within 15 calendar days after the Company requests verification, and
certification for absences relating to domestic violence, harassment, sexual assault or stalking
must be provided within a reasonable time after the Company requests certification.
The Company will pay any costs associated with any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
Teammates (that is not paid by insurance) in obtaining required verification from a licensed health
care provider.
The Company may require documentation prior to the third consecutive workday if it suspects a
Teammate is abusing leave.
Failure to provide required medical documentation may result in the delay or denial of payment
for sick and safe time.
Rate of Pay and Overtime
Sick and safe time is paid based on the Teammate's regular rate of pay. Sick and safe time is not
considered time worked for the purpose of calculating overtime for the week in which the time
was taken.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
Benefits and leave rights herein will run concurrently with benefits or leave rights under any other
applicable law or policy, where permissible and applicable. The Company may provide other
forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or for issues related to domestic
violence under certain federal, state and municipal laws. In certain situations, leave under this
policy may run at the same time as leave available under another federal, state or municipal law,
provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company is committed to complying
with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact Human Resources for information about other
federal, state and municipal medical or family leave rights.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick and safe time is not provided upon separation
from employment for any reason.
Retaliation
Teammates have the right to request and use sick and safe time. The Company will not retaliate
or discriminate, or tolerate retaliation or discrimination, against any Teammate who seeks or
obtains sick and safe time under this policy, inquires about or invokes the provisions of the OSTL,
or participates in an investigation, proceeding or hearing related to the OSTL.
Confidentiality and Nondisclosure
The Company will treat as confidential sick and safe time-related health information pertaining to
the Teammate or Teammate's family member. Records and information concerning requests for
or use of sick and safe time for reasons related to being the victim of domestic violence,
harassment, sexual assault or stalking, will be treated as confidential and will not be released
without the Teammate's express permission, unless otherwise required by law.
Oregon Family Leave of Absence
The Company will grant time off to Teammates in accordance with the requirements of the federal
Family and Medical Leave Act (Fed-FMLA) and the Oregon Family Leave Act (OFLA). The OFLA
applies to Teammates who work in Oregon and only if the Company has 25 or more Teammates
working in Oregon. Where both the Fed-FMLA and the OFLA apply, the leave provided by each
will count against the Teammate’s entitlement under both laws and must be taken concurrently.
A Teammate who is eligible for leave under only one of these laws will receive benefits in
accordance with that law only.
The following policy addresses Teammate family and medical leave rights under the OFLA.
Teammates should refer to the Handbook for additional details regarding the Fed-FMLA.
Questions concerning this policy should be directed to Human Resources.
OFLA Eligibility
To be eligible for family leave under the OFLA, Teammates must:
Have worked for the Company for at least 180 days immediately before the date the leave
begins; and
Have averaged at least 25 hours a week during the 180 days immediately before the date on
which OFLA leave begins. The requirement of 25 hours or more a week does not apply to
OFLA leave for parental leave purposes. For parental leave, eligible Teammates are those
who have worked for the company for at least 180 days.
During a period of time covered by a public health emergency, a Teammate must have worked
for the Company for at least 30 days immediately before the date leave begins and have averaged
at least 25 hours of work per week in the 30 days immediately before the date on which OFLA
leave begins.
Reasons for OFLA Leave
OFLA leave may be granted for these reasons or purposes:
To care for a spouse, same-sex domestic partner, child, parent, parent-in-law, grandparent,
or grandchild of a Teammate (or of a Teammate’s same-sex domestic partner) with a
serious health condition;
For a Teammate’s own serious health condition;
To care for a sick child of the Teammate or of a same-sex domestic partner who does not
have a serious health condition but requires home care, if no other family member is
available to care for the child;
To be with or care for a child of the Teammate or of a same-sex domestic partner after birth,
placement for adoption or foster care (or certain comparable situations). This parental
leave may include any time necessary for the legal process required for adoption or foster
care if the child is under age 18 (or is incapable of self-care because of a physical or
mental disability. (This type of leave must be completed within one year of the birth or
placement for adoption);
For a Teammate’s own disability due to pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition or
for absence for prenatal care. Pregnancy disability leave is available only if the Teammate
is unable to perform any job duties that the Company is able to offer, except that leave for
prenatal care is covered without regard to disability;
To make arrangements necessitated by the death of a family member, to attend the family
member’s funeral or memorial service, and/or to grieve the death of a family member
(Bereavement Leave).
To be with or care for a child of the Teammate or of a same-sex domestic partner whose
school or place of care has been closed because of a statewide public health emergency
declared by a public health official.
A “serious health condition” means:
• An illness, injury, impairment or physical or mental condition that involves an overnight
stay in a hospital or similar facility;
An illness, disease or condition that the treating health care provider believes poses an
imminent danger of death, is terminal in prognosis with a reasonable possibility of death
in the near future, or is a mental or physical condition requiring constant care;
Any period of absence due to pregnancy-related disability or for prenatal care; or
Any period of absence for the donation of a body part, organ or tissue, including preoperative
or diagnostic services, surgery, post-operative treatment and recovery.
Length of Leave
Eligible Teammates are entitled to up to 12 workweeks (and up to an additional 12 weeks for any
pregnancy-related disability) in any leave year. Absences due to a compensable, disabling on-
the-job injury do not count against the 12 workweeks under OFLA except when the Teammate
refuses a suitable offer of light-duty or modified work. Where applicable, OFLA leave will run
concurrently with leave provided under the Oregon Military Family Leave Act.
Parents who use all 12 of their workweeks for parental leave to care for a newborn, newly adopted
or newly placed foster child are also entitled to take up to 12 workweeks to care for a child with
an illness or an injury that is not a serious health condition if no other family member is available
to care for the child — that is, to take sick-child leave. A female Teammate may take up to 12
weeks of OFLA pregnancy disability leave, up to 12 weeks of parental leave, and up to another
12 weeks of OFLA sick child leave, for a total of up to 36 weeks of OFLA leave. Additional OFLA
leave is not available in the case of birth, adoption or foster care placement of more than one
child at the same time.
The applicable leave year utilized by the Company is a 12-month period measured forward from
the start date of the Teammate’s first OFLA leave. Under this method the leave year is measured
from the date the Teammate first uses any OFLA leave.
If more than one qualifying family member works for the Company, two family members can only
take leave at the same time if one needs to care for the other with a serious health condition,
needs to care for a child with a serious health condition while another also has such a condition,
both family members have a serious health condition at the same time or both family members
are taking bereavement leave at the same time.
Teammates will be allowed up to two weeks of unpaid bereavement leave per death of a covered
family member, not to exceed 12 weeks total per year. For purposes of bereavement leave, a
“family member’ includes a family member includes the Teammate’s spouse (including same-sex
spouse), same-sex domestic partner, parent, child, parent-in-law, grandparent and the parent or
child of the Teammate’s same-sex domestic partner. Bereavement leave must be completed
within 60 days of the date the eligible Teammate receives notice of the family member’s death.
Pay
OFLA leave is unpaid and Teammates must use all accrued sick time and sick pay (if eligible to
use it) before going on unpaid status.
Requesting OFLA Leave
Except in very unusual or emergency situations, Teammates must request leave as soon as is
practicable after he or she learns of the need for time away from work.
If Teammates do not give timely notice, the Company may deny or delay the start of a Teammate’s
leave and/or a Teammate may be subject to disciplinary action.
If a Teammate knows of the need for the leave 30 or more days in advance, the Teammate must
complete the leave of absence forms at least 30 days before leave is to begin.
In unusual or emergency situations (for example, if a Teammate is injured in an accident, suddenly
becomes ill, gives premature birth, experiences a death in their family, etc.), the Teammate must
make an oral request to his or her manager for leave within 24 hours (or as soon thereafter as is
practicable). All oral requests for leave must then be confirmed in writing as soon as is practicable
and in no event later than three calendar days after returning to work.
In the case of Bereavement Leave, prior notice is not required, but oral notice must be provided
by the Teammate or someone on the Teammate’s behalf to the Company within 24 hours of
beginning leave. Written confirmation of such notice must then be provided to Human Resources
within three days of returning to work.
In the case of leave to care for a child whose school or child care provider has been closed in
conjunction with a public health emergency, the Company may require verification of the need for
leave.
As long as Teammates are using some form of paid leave (for example, earned sick time or sick
leave) to cover missed time, Teammates need only comply with the notice provisions of those
policies.
Teammates should consult with Human Resources when scheduling intermittent or reduced leave
for planned medical treatment or supervision so that time off can be scheduled to minimize
disruption to the normal work schedule.
If a Teammate is seeking to use paid (for example, earned sick time) or unpaid leave for a purpose
that may qualify for FMLA and/or OFLA leave, he or she must notify the Company so that the
Teammate will receive all of the benefits to which he or she is entitled. Failure to provide
notification of reasons for any absence, whether a partial or full day, which might qualify, could
result in the absence being counted against the Teammate for attendance and other purposes
(e.g., pay increases, promotional opportunities, etc.).
Certifications of the Need for Leave
For leaves due to a Teammate’s own health condition, the Teammate’s health care provider must
review the Teammate’s essential job functions and certify that the Teammate’s condition prevents
the Teammate from performing at least one of them.
If a Teammate’s insurance or other benefit plan does not cover the cost, the Company will pay
for the medical certification.
For leaves due to a family member’s health condition, the Company will require written
certification from the treating health care provider(s), except for an Oregon Teammate whose
child has an illness requiring home care that does not qualify as a serious health condition (i.e.,
sick child leave). In the case of sick child leave, the Company will only require medical verification
after a Teammate has taken more than three days of leave for this purpose in a one-year period.
The Company will pay for the cost of the certification to the extent it is not covered by the
Teammate’s insurance or benefit plan. In appropriate situations, the Company may also require
documentation of the individual’s relationship to the Teammate.
Medical certification forms are available from Human Resources and must be fully completed and
returned prior to the start of any leave for which the Teammate has provided 30 days’ advance
notice. In other circumstances (for example, in emergencies or other unusual circumstances when
it is impossible to foresee the need for leave that far in advance), Teammates must return the
completed form as soon as is practicable but no later than within 15 calendar days of the date a
Teammate’s absence began or within 15 calendar days of our request for certification or
recertification. If a Teammate fails to provide a timely, fully completed certification or
recertification, he or she may be denied continuation of the leave until complete and sufficient
medical verification is received.
Recertification of the medical need for continuing leave must be provided every 30 days, and
more often when circumstances have changed significantly, or the Company has received
information casting doubt on the validity of the prior certification.
The Company may request a second (or third) medical opinion (except for an Oregon Teammate
who has a sick child requiring home care who does not have a serious health condition) at the
Company’s expense. The Company may also initiate an unpaid leave of absence and/or require
a medical or other professional examination at the Company’s expense in circumstances in which
a Teammate’s performance, conduct or behavior, the nature of a Teammate’s job and/or his or
her condition raises an issue as to fitness for duty or ability to safely perform regular job duties.
A Teammate who is absent for three or more calendar days in any 30-day period because of an
illness, injury or other condition (other than one returning from intermittent leave) may be required
to provide a return-to-work release from a Teammate’s health care provider confirming that the
Teammate is able to return to work.
All medical releases must clearly explain a Teammate’s work abilities and any limitations or
restrictions. Reinstatement may be delayed until the Teammate has provided a release meeting
these standards. A Teammate who does not timely provide the required release is subject to
disciplinary action up to and including termination.
All medical information will be kept in the Teammate’s confidential medical file and will not be the
basis for any personnel actions or decisions other than those related to family and medical leave,
reasonable accommodation, or as otherwise allowed by law.
Certifications may also be required for leave taken for other qualifying reasons, in accordance
with applicable law.
Staying in Touch with the Company While on Leave
While on medical leave, Teammates must periodically report their status to their supervisor,
including the date they intend to return to work. Periodically means at least weekly, unless the
Teammate is informed otherwise or is physically unable to do so, in which case, the Teammate
should ask a family member or friend to update the Company periodically. Violations will be
treated the same as any other call-in violation.
Intermittent/Reduced Schedule Leave
The Company may transfer a Teammate who takes OFLA leave on an intermittent or reduced
work schedule basis or who is recovering from a serious health condition to an alternative position
to accommodate the leave or recovery, but will do so only if the Teammate agrees to the transfer
voluntarily, the transfer is temporary and the alternative job has equivalent pay and benefits.
A Teammate will be allowed to take parental leave in two or more nonconsecutive periods only
with Company approval, except in the case of parental leave to effectuate adoption or foster
placement of a child. Such leave need not be taken in one uninterrupted period.
Reinstatement
Teammates returning from OFLA leave will be reinstated to their former job if it exists. If the former
job does not exist, reinstatement will be to a job with equivalent status, pay, benefits and other
employment terms. For OFLA leave, reinstatement rights exist at the former site as well as any
other location within 20 miles. If a Teammate is on leave due to his or her own health condition,
he or she may be required to provide a return-to-work release.
Benefit Coverage
The Company will continue paying its share of the cost of a Teammate’s health coverage while
the Teammate is on FMLA/OFLA leave on the same terms as if the Teammate were working, but
the Teammate will be responsible for continuing to make any payments normally required of him
or her. If the Teammate does not pay the cost of coverage during the leave and the Teammate
does not return to employment after taking family leave, the Company will seek to recover the
Teammate’s share of the cost of benefit coverage by deducting amounts the Company paid from
any amounts owed to the Teammate or through other legal means.
While a Teammate is on paid leave (i.e., using sick leave or sick time), any required Teammate
payments will continue to be deducted from his or her check as usual to the extent his or her pay
is sufficient to cover the deduction.
If a Teammate does not return to work at the end of his or her leave, the Teammate may have
rights under the federal Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA) to continue
his or her health coverage by paying the full premium (plus a small administrative fee), and may
also be able to obtain portability coverage under some state laws.
Fraudulent Use of OFLA Prohibited
Teammates who fraudulently obtain leave under this policy may be subject to disciplinary action,
up to and including termination.
The Company will not interfere, restrain or deny the exercise of any rights provided under this
policy. If a Teammate believes that their OFLA rights have been violated in any way, he or she
should immediately report the matter to Human Resources.