PENNSYLVANIA SUPPLEMENT
Accommodations for Pregnancy and Pregnancy-Related Events [Pittsburgh]
The Company does not discriminate against Teammates or applicants on the basis of pregnancy,
childbirth or medical conditions and events that are related to or caused by pregnancy or childbirth
(whether they occur before, during or after pregnancy or childbirth). This policy applies to
individuals who are pregnant; experience pregnancy-related conditions and events (including
seeking to become pregnant or any condition or event related to or caused by pregnancy or
childbirth); and partners (i.e., someone who has a relationship of mutual emotional and/or physical
support) of a person who is pregnant or affected by such an event.
Teammates have the right to request one or more reasonable accommodations for their
pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition or when they are the partner of a person who
is pregnant or affected by a related medical condition. The Company will provide a
reasonable accommodation that enables the Teammate to perform the essential duties of the
Teammate’s job. A reasonable accommodation for purposes of this policy is one that can be made
without causing an undue hardship on the Company’s business.
Teammates who wish to request a reasonable accommodation under this policy should contact
Human Resources. Human Resources will promptly communicate with the Teammate and
engage in an interactive process to determine the Teammate’s needs and explore possible ways
of accommodating the Teammate. In some cases, this interactive process may be triggered
without a request from the Teammate, such as when the Company receives notice from its own
observation or another source that the pregnancy, childbirth or pregnancy-related condition of the
Teammate or the Teammate’s partner may be impacting the Teammate’s work performance or
conduct. At the conclusion of the interactive process, the Company will inform the Teammate in
writing if a reasonable accommodation has been granted or deemed impossible. Teammates can
make additional requests for accommodation if their condition changes.
The Company may require that Teammates provide medical documentation when requesting
certain accommodations, such as working from home or time off from work.
The Company will not retaliate or tolerate retaliation against a Teammate because the Teammate
requests accommodation under this policy, makes a complaint of discrimination, files a complaint
alleging unlawful discrimination or expresses an intent to file such a complaint, or participates in
an investigation or proceeding related to a compliant of discrimination. Teammates who believe
they have been subjected to retaliation should promptly report such concerns to their supervisor,
any management team member or to Human Resources. Any report of retaliatory conduct will be
investigated in a thorough and objective manner. If a report of retaliation is substantiated,
appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, will be taken.
Philadelphia Wage Theft Ordinance Notice
Teammates who perform work in Philadelphia or entered into an employment contract in
Philadelphia and believe they have not been paid for all of the wages they have earned, may file
a complaint for unpaid wages pursuant to the Philadelphia Wage Theft Ordinance, Philadelphia
Code, Chapter 9-4300 (effective July 1, 2016). Retaliation against a Teammate who files such a
complaint is prohibited. Each Teammate has a right to file a complaint or bring a civil action if the
employer fails to pay all wages earned by the Teammate.
Paid Sick Time (Philadelphia)
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick time in accordance with the
requirements of the Philadelphia Promoting Healthy Families and Workplaces Ordinance
(PHFWO).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
Teammates who work at least 40 hours per calendar year in the City of Philadelphia (excluding
independent contractors, seasonal workers, Teammates hired for a term of less than six months,
Teammates covered by a bona fide collective bargaining agreement, interns, adjunct professors
and pool Teammates) are eligible to accrue paid sick time.
Accrual of Sick Time
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick and safe time upon the first day of employment as
part of their sick leave benefits.
Sick and safe time accrues at a rate of one hour for every 40 hours worked in Philadelphia, up to
a maximum accrual of 40 hours in a single calendar year.
Salaried exempt Teammates will be assumed to work 40 hours in a week unless the Teammate's
regular work week is less than 40 hours, in which case sick time accrues based upon that regular
workweek.
Use of Paid Sick Time
Eligible Teammates may use sick time for the following reasons:
• The Teammate's mental or physical illness, injury or health condition; need for medical
diagnosis, care or treatment of a mental or physical illness, injury or health condition; or
need for preventive medical care;
• Care of a family member with a mental or physical illness, injury or health condition; care
of a family member who needs medical diagnosis, care or treatment of a mental or physical
illness, injury or health condition; or care of a family member who needs preventive
medical care;
• COVID-19-related:
Business closure;
o
Quarantine; or
o
School closure for which the Teammate needs to stay home to care for their
o
children.
• Absence due to domestic abuse, sexual assault or stalking, provided the leave is to allow
the Teammate to obtain for the Teammate or the Teammate's family member:
Medical attention;
o
Services from a victim services organization;
o
Psychological or other counseling;
o
Relocation; or
o
Legal services or remedies (e.g., preparing for or participating in a civil or criminal
o
legal proceeding).
Teammates who exhaust paid sick leave for purposes related to domestic abuse, sexual assault
or stalking may still be eligible for unpaid leave for this purpose and should consult the Company’s
Domestic Violence, Sexual Assault or Stalking Victim Leave policy or contact Human
Resources for further information.
For purposes of this policy, a “family member” means the Teammate’s current spouse or life
partner, child or individual for whom the Teammate stands in loco parentis, legal guardian or ward,
parent, parent-in-law, person who stood in loco parentis status when the Teammate was a minor
child, sibling, spouse of a sibling, grandparent, spouse of a grandparent, or grandchild. These
familial relationships include not only biological relationships, but also relationships resulting from
adoption, step-relationships, and foster care relationships. The definition of child applies without
regard to a child’s age or dependency status. For purposes of this policy, a “life partnership” is
defined as a long-term committed relationship between two unmarried individuals of the same sex
or gender identity.
Eligible Teammates may not use accrued paid sick time until the Teammate's 90th calendar day
of employment.
Paid sick time may be used in on hour increments. Eligible Teammates may use up to 40 hours
of paid sick time in any calendar year.
Requesting Sick Time/Documentation
When the need for sick time is foreseeable, Teammates must provide reasonable advance notice,
either orally or in writing, of the need for sick leave and must make a reasonable effort to schedule
sick time in a manner that does not unduly disrupt Company operations. For all other absences,
Teammates must notify the Company before the start of their scheduled work hours, or as soon
as practicable if the need arises immediately before or after the Teammate has reported for work.
When possible, a Teammate’s request for sick time must include the expected duration of the sick
leave. To provide notice of the need to use sick time, Teammates should contact Human
Resources.
If sick time is for more than two consecutive workdays, the Company may request that
Teammates provide reasonable documentation that the sick time is being used for a permissible
purpose.
Leave Carryover
Teammates who have accrued time remaining at the end of the year may carry over the accrued
and unused time to the next calendar year. However, Teammates may not use more than 40
hours of sick time in a calendar year.
The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual sick time.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
Benefits and leave rights herein will run concurrently with benefits or leave rights under any other
applicable law or policy, where permissible and applicable.
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
leave related to domestic abuse, sexual assault or stalking under certain federal, state and local
laws. In certain situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available
under another federal, state or local law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met.
The Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact
Human Resources for information about other federal, state and local medical, family or domestic
abuse victim leave rights.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick time is not provided upon separation from
employment for any reason.
Retaliation
The Company prohibits discrimination and/or retaliation against Teammates who request or use
sick time for authorized circumstances protected by law, and against Teammates who file a
complaint about an alleged violation of this policy, or inform others about their rights under this
policy. Teammates may file a complaint or bring a civil action if sick time as required by law is
denied the Teammate or if the Teammate is retaliated against for requesting or taking sick time.
Confidentiality
The Company will, in accordance with applicable federal and state law, treat as confidential health
information or information pertaining to domestic abuse, sexual assault or stalking about a
Teammate or Teammate’s family member. Such information will not be released without the
Teammate's express permission, unless otherwise required by law.
Paid Sick Time (Pittsburgh)
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick time in accordance with the Pittsburgh
Paid Sick Days Act (“PSDA”).
The guidelines in this policy do not supersede applicable federal, state, or local laws regarding
leaves of absence, including but not limited to leave taken under the Family and Medical Leave
Act (FMLA), leave taken as a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA), or any other applicable federal, state, or local law, including those prohibiting
discrimination and harassment. Where applicable, leave under this policy will run concurrently
with all other applicable leaves.
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Teammates who accrue sufficient paid time off at the required rates under the Company’s main
PTO policy will not accrue any additional sick time under this policy, but may request and use
PTO, up to the maximum allowed by law running concurrently as covered sick leave, in
accordance with the following provisions.
Once the maximum statutory amount of PTO running concurrently as protected sick leave has
been exhausted in any given calendar year, the Company’s normal policies and procedures will
apply to any further use of accrued sick time for any reason.
Eligible Teammates
All Teammates, including full-time and part-time Teammates, are generally eligible to accrue paid
sick time, if they work at least 35 hours per calendar year in the City of Pittsburgh. Eligible
Teammates do not include seasonal Teammates, meaning individuals hired for a temporary
period of not more than 16 weeks during the Company’s leave year who are notified at the time
they are hired that their employment is limited to the beginning and ending dates of the Company’s
seasonal period.
Accrual and Use of Sick Time
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick and safe time upon the first day of employment as
part of their sick leave benefits.
Sick and safe time accrues at a rate of one hour of paid sick time for every 35 hours worked in
the City of Pittsburgh, up to a maximum of 40 hours in a calendar year.
Salaried exempt Teammates will be assumed to work 40 hours in a week unless a Teammate's
regular workweek is less than 40 hours, in which case sick time accrues based upon that regular
workweek.
Teammates accrue sick time in increments of one hour.
Eligible Teammates may not use accrued sick time until the 90th calendar day after the start of
their employment. Thereafter, they may use sick time as it accrues.
Paid sick time may be used in one hour increments.
Teammates are not required to search for or find someone to cover their shift or do their work
when they take paid sick time.
Reasons Sick Time May Be Used
Sick time may be used for the following reasons:
• A Teammate's own mental or physical illness, injury or health condition; to obtain a
medical diagnosis, care or treatment; or preventive care;
• To care for a family member with a mental or physical illness, injury or health condition; to
assist them in obtaining medical diagnosis, care or treatment; or to assist them in obtaining
preventive care;
• For the closure of the Teammate's place of business by order of a public official due to a
public health emergency;
• For the closure of a Teammate’s child's school or place of care by order of a public official
due to a public health emergency; or
• To care for a family member when health authorities or health care providers determine
that an individual's presence in the community would jeopardize others' health because of
the individual's exposure to a communicable disease, whether or not the individual actually
contracted the communicable disease.
Eligible family members include the following:
• A child, regardless of age (including a biological, adopted or foster child; stepchild; the
child of a domestic partner; a legal ward or child for whom the Teammate is a legal
guardian; or a child to whom the Teammate stands in loco parentis);
• A spouse or domestic partner;
• A sibling (including a biological, adopted or foster sibling);
• A parent (including a biological, adoptive, foster or step-parent of the Teammate or the
Teammate’s spouse or domestic partner; a legal guardian of the Teammate or the
Teammate’s spouse or domestic partner or a person who stood in loco parentis when the
Teammate was a minor child);
• A grandchild;
• A grandparent (including a grandparent’s spouse or domestic partner); and
The Company reserves the right to take disciplinary action if a Teammate’s use of sick time is not
for a covered purpose.
Requesting Sick Time/Documentation
When the need for paid sick time is foreseeable, Teammates must provide reasonable advance
notice. Teammates should provide notice as soon as possible and must provide notice at least
seven days before the date sick time will begin, absent extenuating circumstances.
If the need for sick time is unforeseeable or if Teammates are unable to provide notice seven
days in advance, the Teammate must make a good-faith effort to notify the Company as soon as
possible. Absent unusual circumstances, Teammates must follow the Company’s standard call-
off procedure by contacting Human Resources. When possible, the request should include the
expected duration of the absence.
Teammates are expected to make reasonable efforts to schedule sick time in a manner that does
not unduly disrupt Company operations.
If sick time is for three or more full, consecutive days, the Company may request that Teammates
provide reasonable documentation that the sick time is being used for a permissible purpose.
Teammates will also be expected to comply with any requests for documentation for absences
that qualify for leave under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act.
Rate of Pay for Sick Time
Sick time is paid based on the Teammate's base rate of pay at the time the leave is taken or the
state minimum wage, whichever is more. Teammates will also receive the same benefits they
would have received at the time leave is used. However, if a Teammate uses paid sick time for
scheduled overtime, the Company will not pay the Teammate at the overtime rate. Teammates
will be paid only for the hours they are scheduled to work.
Carryover
Up to 40 hours of accrued but unused sick time will carry over from year to year, but with an
overall cap of 40 hours of sick time per leave year. Therefore, once a Teammate has a bank of
40 hours of paid sick time, no additional time will accrue in that leave year.
Separation From Employment
The Company does not pay Teammates for accrued, unused sick time upon separation from
employment for any reason.
Confidentiality
The Company will treat health information about a Teammate as confidential and take reasonable
steps to protect its confidentiality. The Company will not disclose such health information except
to the affected Teammate or with that Teammate’s written permission, in accordance with
applicable federal and state medical privacy laws.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
Benefits and leave rights herein will run concurrently with benefits or leave rights under any other
applicable law or policy, where permissible and applicable.
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for their own or a family
member’s medical condition under certain federal, state and municipal laws. Leave under this
policy will run at the same time as leave available under those laws, provided that the eligibility
requirements for the applicable law are met. Teammates should contact Human Resources for
information about other federal, state and municipal medical or family leave rights.
No Discrimination or Retaliation
The Company will not retaliate, discriminate against or tolerate retaliation or discrimination against
any Teammate because the Teammate has exercised rights protected under the PSDA, including
by: requesting or using sick time in accordance with the PSDA; attempting to or filing a complaint
with the Mayor’s Office of Equity or a court; informing anyone about an employer’s alleged
violation of the PSDA; informing anyone of their rights under the PSDA; participating or attempting
to participate in an investigation or proceeding under the PSDA; or otherwise exercising any rights
afforded under the PSDA. Teammates have a right to file a written complaint with the Mayor’s
Office of Equity, if they believe they have been denied the right to accrue and use sick time as
required by the PSDA or if they believe they have been retaliated against for exercising their rights
under the PSDA.
Domestic Violence, Sexual Assault or Stalking Victim Leave (Philadelphia)
Teammates working in Philadelphia who are victims of domestic violence, sexual assault or
stalking, or who have a family or household member who is a victim of domestic violence, sexual
assault or stalking, may take up to eight weeks of unpaid leave in any 12-month period.
Teammates may, but are not required to use any available paid leave such as sick leave or sick
leave for purposes of leave under this policy.
Teammates may use leave to do any of the following for themselves or for their family or
household members.
• Seek medical attention for, or recover from, physical or psychological injuries caused
by domestic or sexual violence or stalking;
• Obtain services from a victim services organization;
• Obtain psychological or other counseling services;
• Participate in safety planning, temporarily or permanently relocate, or take other
actions to increase safety from future domestic or sexual violence or to ensure
economic security: or
• Seek legal assistance or remedies to help ensure health and safety including preparing
for or participating in any civil or criminal legal proceeding related to or derived from
domestic or sexual violence.
Teammates requesting leave under this ordinance must provide Human Resources at least 48
hours advance notice of their intention to take the leave. If 48 hours advance notice is not
practicable, notice should be provided as soon as it is practical. The Company may require the
Teammate to provide certification within a reasonable period that states:
• The Teammate or the Teammate’s family or household member is a victim of domestic
violence, sexual violence or stalking; and
• The reason for the leave (e.g., legal assistance).
Leave taken under this policy may be taken intermittently or on a reduced work schedule. Where
they overlap, leave taken under this policy will run concurrently with leave under the Family and
Medical Leave Act.
Health benefits will be maintained through the leave period to the extent and under the same
terms as they are maintained when the Teammate is not on a leave of absence.