RHODE ISLAND SUPPLEMENT
Sexual and Other Prohibited Harassment
The Company is committed to providing a work environment free of harassment. The Company
complies with Rhode Island law and maintains a strict policy prohibiting sexual harassment and
harassment against Teammates or applicants for employment based on race, color, religion, sex
(including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), country of ancestral origin,
disability, age (40 and over), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, homelessness,
genetic information, HIV/AIDS status, lawful use of tobacco products outside of the workplace,
military/reservist status and any other category protected under applicable federal, state or local
law.
All Teammates are expected to comply with the Company’s Sexual and Other Prohibited
Harassment policy, as set forth in the Handbook. The purpose of this policy is to provide Rhode
Island Teammates with additional information regarding harassment.
While the Sexual and Other Prohibited Harassment policy sets forth the Company’s goals of
promoting a workplace that is free of harassment, the policy is not designed or intended to limit
the Company’s authority to discipline or take remedial action for workplace conduct that we deem
unacceptable, regardless of whether that conduct satisfies the definition of unlawful harassment.
Sexual harassment in the workplace is unlawful. It is also unlawful to retaliate against a Teammate
for filing a complaint of harassment, including a complaint of sexual harassment, or for
cooperating in an investigation of a complaint for harassment, including sexual harassment.
Any Teammate who believes they have been harassed or discriminated against should provide a
written or verbal report to their supervisor, another member of management, to Human Resources
as soon as possible. The responsibility to investigate complaints of harassment has been
assigned to Human Resources.
Teammates who believe they have been harassed or discriminated against may also file a formal
complaint with either or both of the government agencies listed below:
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) is the federal agency that
investigates harassment complaints, including claims of sexual harassment. The EEOC
can be reached at:
John F. Kennedy Federal Building
475 Government Center
Boston, MA 02203
Tel: 800-669-4000
Fax: 617-565-3196
TTY: 800-669-6820
The Rhode Island Commission for Human Rights (RICHR) is the state agency responsible for
handling complaints of harassment, including sexual harassment. The RICHR can be reached at:
180 Westminster Street, 3rd Floor
Providence, RI 02903
Tel: 401-222-2661
Fax: 401-222-2616
TTY: 401-222-2664
Whistleblower Protections
Teammates, applicants, and prospective Teammates have the right under the Rhode Island
Whistleblowers’ Protection Act to complain of workplace practices or policies that they believe to
be in violation of law, against public policy and/or fraudulent or unethical.
The Company will not take any adverse employment action or otherwise retaliate against any
Teammate (or a person acting on behalf of the Teammate) who:
• Reports (or is about to report) to the Teammate’s supervisor or a public body a violation
of law, regulation or rule promulgated under the law, which the Teammate knows or
reasonably believes has occurred or is about to occur;
• Is requested by a public body to testify or participate in an investigation, hearing or inquiry
held by the public body or in a court action; or
• Refuses to violate or assist in violating federal, state or local law, rule or regulation.
Teammates who wish to report such violations should contact their supervisor or manager, any
member of management or Human Resources. Teammates may also contact the
Company’s Ethics Line at 888-325-7882 or online at www.adv.ethicspoint.com. Teammates
should also consult the Reporting and Anti-Retaliation policy set forth in the Handbook for further
information about reporting potential misconduct and about protections from retaliation.
Meal Breaks
Teammates who work six or more continuous hours are entitled to at least a 20-minute meal
break. Teammates who work eight or more continuous hours will be provided at least a 30-minute
meal break. During the meal break, Teammates will be relieved of all duties.
A 30-minute, uninterrupted meal break will be unpaid for nonexempt Teammates. Teammates
may not take a shorter meal break or skip a meal break to leave work early.
All nonexempt Teammates must record their meal breaks.
Any Teammate who is unable to take all of the meal breaks to which they are entitled in
accordance with this policy, or who has been prevented or discouraged from taking a meal break
to which they are entitled under this policy, should immediately notify a supervisor, Human
Resources.
Paid Sick and Safe Leave
The Company provides eligible Teammates with paid sick and safe leave in accordance with the
requirements of Rhode Island’s Healthy and Safe Families and Workplaces Act (“HSFWA”).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
All Teammates (including those working on a full-time, part-time or per diem basis) are generally
eligible to accrue paid sick and safe leave if their primary place of work is in Rhode Island now or
has been in Rhode Island within the previous 12 months. For purposes of this policy, the “primary
place of work” means the Teammate works in Rhode Island more than any other state.
Accrual and Use of Sick and Safe Leave
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick and safe leave on their first day of actual work. Sick
and safe leave accrues at a rate of one hour of leave for every 35 hours worked. Eligible
Teammates can accrue up to a maximum of 40 hours of paid sick and safe leave in a given
calendar year.
For accrual purposes, salaried exempt Teammates will be assumed to work 40 hours in a week
unless the Teammate’s regular workweek is less than 40 hours, in which case sick and safe leave
accrues based upon that regular scheduled workweek. Nonexempt Teammates accrue paid sick
and safe leave on all hours worked, including overtime hours. Teammates will also accrue paid
sick and safe leave for all hours during which they are using paid time off benefits. Teammates
do not accrue paid sick and safe leave for hours off, without pay.
Regular Teammates may not use accrued paid sick and safe leave until their 91st day of
employment.
For each use of paid sick and safe leave, Teammates must take a minimum of one hour of leave
per day. Eligible Teammates can use up to 40 hours of sick and safe leave in a given calendar
year.
Teammates are not required to search for or find a Teammate to cover their work in order to take
paid sick and safe leave.
Reasons Sick and Safe Leave May be Used
Teammates may use paid sick and safe leave for the following reasons:
• Because of the mental or physical illness, injury or health condition of the Teammate or
the Teammate’s covered relation;
• For the diagnosis, care or treatment of the mental or physical illness, injury or health
condition of the Teammate or the Teammate’s covered relation;
• For preventive medical care for the Teammate or the Teammate’s covered relation;
• Because the Teammate or their covered relation is a victim of domestic violence, sexual
assault or stalking;
• If either the Teammate’s place of business or the Teammate’s child’s school or place of
care is closed by order of a public official due to a public health emergency;
• Because health authorities with jurisdiction or a health care provider have determined that
the presence of the Teammate or the Teammate’s covered relation in the community may
jeopardize the health of others because of their exposure to a communicable disease
(even if the Teammate or covered relation have not actually contracted the disease).
For purposes of this policy, "covered relation" includes a:
• Child (including a biological, adopted, foster or stepchild, a legal ward, the child of a
domestic partner or a child for whom the Teammate stands in loco parentis);
• Parent (including a biological, adoptive, foster or stepparent, parent-in-law, legal guardian
or a person who acted as a parent or stood in loco parentis to the Teammate or
Teammate’s spouse or domestic partner when they were minors);
• Spouse (including a common law spouse, civil union partner or domestic partner);
• Sibling (including a biological (whole- or half-blood), adopted or foster sibling or a
stepsibling);
• Grandparent;
• Grandchild;
• A person for whom the Teammate is responsible for providing or arranging health- or
safety-related care, including, but not limited to, helping the person obtain diagnostic,
preventive, routine or therapeutic health treatment or ensuring the person is safe following
domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking; and
• A member of the Teammate’s household (i.e., a person residing at the same physical
address as the Teammate or a person the Teammate claims as a dependent for federal
tax purposes).
Teammates cannot use sick and safe leave as an excuse to be late for work without an authorized
purpose.
Requesting Sick and Safe Leave and Documentation
To provide notice of the need to use paid sick and safe time, Teammates should contact their
supervisor. When possible, a request for paid sick and safe leave should include notice of the
expected duration of the leave.
If the need for paid sick and safe leave is foreseeable (i.e., planned at least 24 hours in advance),
Teammates must notify the Company as soon in advance as possible, but in no event less than
24 hours before leave begins, of the need for leave. Teammates must make reasonable efforts
to schedule the foreseeable use of paid sick and safe leave in a manner that does not unduly
disrupt Company operations. If the need for paid sick and safe leave is unforeseeable,
Teammates should provide notice as soon as practical.
If paid sick and safe leave is used for more than three consecutive workdays, the Company may
require that the Teammate provide reasonable documentation that the paid sick and safe leave
was used for a covered purpose. The Company may also require written documentation
regarding use of sick and safe leave that occurs during the two weeks prior to a Teammate’s final
scheduled day of work before the end of employment.
For a medical-related absence, a Teammate can satisfy this requirement by providing
documentation signed by a licensed health care professional. For leave related to domestic
violence, sexual assault or stalking, the Teammate can provide any of the following documents:
• Police report;
• Court document;
• Signed statement of a victim and witness advocate; or
• The Teammate’s own written statement.
Documentation should not explain the nature of an illness or the details of domestic violence,
sexual assault or stalking, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
If obtaining the required documentation will result in an unreasonable cost or burden for the
Teammate, the Company may allow the Teammate to submit a signed statement indicating that
their use of sick and safe leave was for a covered purpose.
Paid Sick and Safe Leave Carryover
Accrued, unused paid sick and safe leave may be carried over from year to year. However,
Teammates may not use paid sick and safe leave in excess of the annual maximum accrual, as
set forth above. The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual sick and safe leave.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for reasons related to domestic violence or family leave under certain federal and state laws. In
certain situations, sick and safe leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave
available under another federal or state law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met.
The Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their
Human Resources representative for information about other federal or state medical, domestic
violence or family leave rights.
Integration with Other Benefits
It is a Teammate’s responsibility to apply for any applicable benefits for which the Teammate may
be eligible as a result of the illness or disability, including temporary disability insurance,
temporary caregiver insurance, workers’ compensation insurance and/or any other disability
insurance benefits. If a Teammate elects to integrate paid sick leave with other paid benefits, the
Company will integrate all paid benefits such that a Teammate will not be paid more than their
regular compensation at any time.
Confidentiality
The Company will keep confidential information regarding Teammates’ use of paid sick and safe
leave. Health information and information pertaining to domestic violence, sexual assault, sexual
contact or stalking related to a Teammate or the Teammate’s covered relation will be treated as
confidential and not disclosed except to the affected Teammate or with that Teammate’s
permission, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
Rate of Pay
Paid sick and safe leave is compensated at the same hourly rate and with the same benefits,
including healthcare benefits, a Teammate normally earns during hours worked, or at minimum
wage (whichever is greater).
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick and safe leave is not provided upon separation
from employment for any reason.
Teammates who are rehired within 135 days of the end of employment will have their previously
accrued, unused sick and safe leave reinstated and will be allowed to use accrued leave and
begin accruing additional leave at the start of reemployment.
Retaliation Prohibited
The Company will not retaliate, or tolerate retaliation, against Teammates because they take paid
sick and safe leave in accordance with this policy or otherwise exercise their rights under the
HSFWA.
Temporary Caregiver Insurance Program and Leave
Rhode Island provides temporary caregiver insurance (TCI) to Teammates who are unable to
perform their work duties for any of the following reasons:
• To care for or bond with a newborn (under one year old), adopted or foster child; or
• To care for a seriously ill child, spouse, parent, parent-in-law, grandparent or domestic
partner.
For purposes of this policy, a child includes a biological, adopted, foster, or stepchild, as well as
a legal ward, a son or daughter of a domestic partner, or a son or daughter of a Teammate who
stands in loco parentis, or in the place of a parent, to the child. a parent includes a biological,
foster, adoptive, or stepparent, as well as a legal guardian or other person who stood in loco
parentis, or in the place of a parent, to the Teammate or the Teammate’s spouse or domestic
partner when they were children.
Teammates eligible for TCI benefits are those who are eligible for unemployment insurance
benefits. An individual must be out of work for at least seven consecutive days in order to be
eligible for TCI benefits.
Teammates must provide the Company with a written notice of their intent to take TCI leave at
least 30 days before leave will begin. Failure to provide notice may delay or reduce benefits unless
the need for leave was unforeseeable or the timing of the leave changes for unforeseeable
reasons. Teammates must also file a certificate form with the Department of Labor and Training
to receive TCI benefits. The Company will keep any information provided in connection with TCI
leave confidential, to the extent possible and in accordance with applicable law.
TCI provides up to six weeks of wage replacement at two-thirds of a Teammate’s regular wages
per benefit year. The leave is paid by the state and funded by deductions from Teammates’
compensation.
The Company will maintain Teammates’ existing health benefits during the leave as if the
Teammate had continued in employment rather than taken leave. Teammates remain responsible
for any of their shared costs associated with the health benefits.
If a leave qualifies under the TCI program and the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)
and/or the Rhode Island Parental and Family Medical Leave Act (RIPFMLA), the leave will count
against the Teammate’s entitlement under those laws and will run concurrently.
At the conclusion of the six weeks of TCI leave, Teammates will be reinstated to their former
position or a position with equivalent seniority, status, benefits, pay and other employment terms
and conditions, including fringe benefits and service credits to which the Teammate was entitled
when leave began, in accordance with the TCI law.