TENNESSEE SUPPLEMENT
Abusive Conduct Prevention
It is the Company’s policy to provide a work environment that is free from abusive conduct.
Accordingly, the Company will not tolerate abusive behavior in the workplace and expects
Teammates to perform their jobs productively during working times and refrain from malicious,
patently offensive, threatening, violent or other abusive conduct or behaviors.
For purposes of this policy, abusive conduct refers to acts or omissions that would cause a
reasonable person, based on the severity, nature, and frequency of the conduct, to believe they
were subject to an abusive work environment. Examples of abusive conduct in the workplace
include repeated verbal abuse; verbal, nonverbal, or physical conduct of a threatening,
intimidating, or humiliating nature; or the sabotage of a Teammate’s work performance. Abusive
conduct does not include reasonable oversight, such as performance reviews, coaching, requests
or the exercise of other supervisory responsibilities.
Protection Against Retaliation
The Company prohibits retaliation against a Teammate for using the Company’s complaint
procedure in accordance with this policy, reporting proscribed abusive conduct or filing, testifying,
assisting, or participating in any manner in any investigation, proceeding or hearing conducted by
a governmental enforcement agency. Prohibited retaliation includes, but is not limited to,
termination, demotion, suspension, failure to hire or consider for hire, failure to give equal
consideration in making employment decisions, failure to make employment recommendations
impartially, adversely affecting working conditions or otherwise denying any employment benefit.
How to Report Incidents of Abusive Conduct and/or Retaliation
Teammates who believe they have been subjected to abusive conduct or retaliation in violation
of this policy, or who are aware of such behavior perpetrated against others, should immediately
provide a written or verbal report to their supervisor, any other member of management, Human
Resources or the ethics hotline.
Teammates are not required to make a complaint directly to their immediate supervisor or to the
individual alleged to have exhibited the abusive conduct. Supervisors and managers who receive
complaints of misconduct must immediately report such complaints to Human Resources who will
attempt to resolve issues internally.
When a report is received, the Company will conduct a fair, timely, thorough, and objective
investigation. The Company expects all Teammates to fully cooperate with any investigation
conducted by the Company into a complaint of proscribed abusive conduct. The Company will
maintain confidentiality surrounding the investigation to the extent possible and to the extent
permitted under applicable federal and state law.
Upon completion of the investigation, the Company will communicate its conclusion as soon as
practical. If the Company determines that this policy has been violated, remedial action will be
taken, commensurate with the severity of the offense, up to and including termination of
employment. Appropriate action will also be taken to deter any such conduct in the future.
Meal Breaks
The Company requires all Teammates to take a 30-minute meal break when they are scheduled
to work six consecutive hours. Meal breaks will not be scheduled before or during the first hour of
work. An exception to this policy may apply when the nature of a Teammate’s position allows
them ample opportunity to rest or take an appropriate break.
An uninterrupted 30-minute meal break will be unpaid for nonexempt Teammates. All nonexempt
Teammates must record their meal breaks.
Teammates who are unable to take all of the meal breaks to which they are entitled in accordance
with this policy, or who have been prevented or discouraged from taking a break to which they
are entitled under this policy, should immediately notify Human Resources.
Parental Leave
Eligibility and Leave Entitlement
Full-time Teammates, employed with the Company for at least 12 consecutive months, are eligible
for up to four months of leave for adoption, pregnancy, childbirth and/or nursing an infant. For
leaves taken due to adoption, the four-month period will begin at the time the Teammate receives
custody of the child.
Leave under this policy will run concurrently with any other leave to which the Teammate is
entitled including, when applicable, the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA).
Pay and Benefits During Leave
Leave taken under this policy will be without pay. Such leave will not affect a Teammate’s right to
receive benefits such as vacation time, sick leave, bonuses, advancement, seniority, length of
service credit, benefits, plans or programs for which the Teammate was eligible on the date the
leave began. The Company will not pay for the cost of any benefits, plans or programs during a
leave of absence taken under this policy unless otherwise required to do so by law. For example,
Teammates may be entitled to certain health care benefits under the FMLA if the time off qualifies
for protection under that law.
Reinstatement
Teammates will be restored to their previous position, or to a similar position with the same status,
pay, length of service credit and seniority as they had on the date their leave began provided they
give the Company at least three months’ advance notice of the anticipated date of departure for
such leave, the length of the leave and the Teammate’s intention to return to full-time employment
after the leave.
The following Teammates will not forfeit the right to reinstatement solely because they failed to
give three months’ advance notice:
• Teammates who are prevented from giving the required three months’ notice because of
a medical emergency that necessitates that the leave begin earlier than originally
anticipated, and
• Teammates who are prevented from giving three months’ advance notice because the
notice of adoption was received less than three months in advance of the leave.
Teammates may be denied reinstatement under the following conditions:
• When the Teammate’s job position is so unique that, after reasonable efforts, the
Company is unable to fill the position temporarily.
• If the Company learns that the Teammate actively pursued other employment
opportunities during the leave period.
• If the Company learns that the Teammate worked part-time or full-time for another
employer during the period of leave.
The Company will notify a Teammate that they will not be reinstated as soon as it learns that one
of the above conditions applies.