VERMONT SUPPLEMENT
Sexual and Other Prohibited Harassment
The Company is committed to providing a work environment free of harassment. Sexual
harassment and harassment based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex (including
pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, ancestry, place of birth, age (18 and over),
physical or mental disability or medical condition, HIV status, genetic information or membership
in the Reserves or National Guard are unlawful in the workplace. The Company will not tolerate
discrimination or harassment based on these characteristics or any other characteristic protected
by applicable federal, state or local law.
All Teammates are expected to comply with the Company’s Sexual and Other Prohibited
Harassment policy as set forth in the Handbook. While the Sexual and Other Prohibited
Harassment policy sets forth the Company’s goals of promoting a workplace that is free of
harassment, the policy is not designed or intended to limit the Company’s authority to discipline
or take remedial action for workplace conduct that we deem unacceptable, regardless of whether
that conduct satisfies the definition of unlawful harassment.
In addition to the complaint procedures set forth in the Handbook, any Teammate who believes
they have been harassed or discriminated against, or who is aware of harassment or
discrimination against others, should immediately provide a written or verbal report to their
supervisor or manager, any member of management or Human Resources. Teammates may also
contact the Company’s Ethics Line at 888-325-7882 or online at www.adv.ethicspoint.com.
Teammates who believe they have been harassed or discriminated against may also file a formal
complaint with either or both of the government agencies listed below.
The state agency responsible for complaints of harassment is the State of Vermont Attorney
General’s Office – Public Protection Division Civil Rights Unit.
109 State Street
Montpelier, VT 05609-1001
(888) 745-9195 (toll free VT)
(802) 828-3657
(802) 828-3665 (TTY)
(802) 828-2154 (Fax)
Website: http://www.state.vt.us/atg/
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) is the federal agency that investigates
harassment claims, including claims of sexual harassment. The EEOC can be reached at:
John F. Kennedy Federal Building, 475 Government Center, Boston, MA 02203,
telephone number (800) 669-4000.
It is unlawful to retaliate against a Teammate for filing a complaint of sexual harassment or for
cooperating in an investigation of sexual harassment.
Teammates who believe they have been unlawfully harassed or retaliated against may file a
complaint with the Attorney General’s Office or the EEOC. These agencies serve as neutral fact-
finders and attempt to help the parties voluntarily resolve disputes.
Bathroom and Meal Breaks
Teammates will be given reasonable opportunities during work periods to eat and to use toilet
facilities in order to protect the health and hygiene of the Teammate.
Paid Sick and Safe Time (Accrual Method)
The Company provides paid sick and safe time to eligible Teammates in compliance with the
requirements of the Vermont Earned Sick Time Law (VESTL).
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
All Teammates whose primary place of work is in Vermont are eligible to accrue paid sick and
safe time, except those Teammates who are under the age of 18, work an average of less than
18 hours per week in a year or are employed by the Company for 20 weeks or less in a 12-month
period in a job scheduled to last 20 weeks or less. In addition, Teammates who: work
intermittently or on a per diem basis; work only when available; are under no obligation to work
for the Company; and have no expectation of continuing employment with the Company, are not
eligible for sick and safe time under this policy.
Accrual and Use of Paid Sick and Safe Time
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick and safe time on upon their first day of employment.
Eligible Teammates accrue paid sick and safe leave at the rate of one hour of leave per every 52
hours worked up to a maximum annual accrual of 40 hours per calendar year. For accrual
purposes, salaried exempt Teammates will be assumed to work 40 hours in a week unless the
Teammate’s regular workweek is less than 40 hours, in which case sick and safe time accrues
based upon that regular workweek. Nonexempt Teammates accrue paid sick and safe time for all
hours worked, including overtime hours.
Eligible Teammates may begin using accrued paid sick and safe leave after one year of
employment with the Company.
A Teammate’s use of paid sick and safe leave is limited to 40 hours per calendar year. Paid sick
and safe time can be used in increments of one hour.
Teammates are not required to find a Teammate to cover their work when they take paid sick and
safe time and are not required to work an alternative shift to make up for the use of such time.
Reasons Sick and Safe Time May be Used
Teammates may use paid sick and safe time for the following reasons:
• For an absence resulting from the Teammate’s own physical or mental illness or injury;
• For the Teammate’s need for professional diagnostic, preventive, routine or therapeutic
health care for a medical condition;
• To provide care for a family member who is suffering from a physical or mental illness,
injury or medical condition that requires home care, professional medical diagnosis or care
or preventative medical care;
• To assist a sick or injured family member in obtaining diagnostic, preventive, routine or
therapeutic health treatment;
• To accompany a Teammate’s parent, grandparent, spouse, or parent-in-law to an
appointment related to their long-term care;
• To accommodate the Teammate’s need to care for a family member whose school or
place of business is closed for public health or safety reasons; or
• To arrange for social or legal services or obtain medical care or counseling for the
Teammate or the Teammate’s family member because the Teammate or Teammate’s
family member is a victim of or is relocating as a result of domestic violence, sexual assault
or stalking.
For purposes of this policy, "family member" means a parent, grandparent, spouse, child (by birth
or adoption), stepchild, brother, sister, parent-in-law, grandchild, foster child, legal ward, or child
for whom the Teammate has assumed the responsibilities of parenthood or is standing in loco
parentis.
Requesting Paid Sick and Safe Time/Documentation
Teammates must, to the extent possible, make a good faith effort to provide advance notice of
the need to use sick and safe time. A Teammate planning to use accrued sick and safe time must
make reasonable efforts to avoid scheduling routine or preventive health care during regular work
hours or provide notice as soon as practicable of the intent to take earned sick and safe time and
the expected duration of the absence. To provide notice of the need to use paid sick and safe
time, Teammates should contact their supervisor and specify that they are using earned sick and
safe time. The Company may require Teammates to provide reasonable proof that they used
sick and safe time for an allowable purpose.
Rate of Pay
Sick and safe time is paid based on the Teammate’s normal hourly wage rate or the state’s
minimum wage, whichever is greater.
Leave Carryover
Accrued, unused paid sick and safe time may be carried over from year to year, up to a maximum
carryover amount of 40 hours per calendar year, any unused sick and safe leave above the
maximum carryover amount will be forfeited.
The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual sick and safe time.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for issues related to domestic violence under certain federal, state, and municipal laws. In certain
situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another
federal, state, or municipal law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The
Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their
Human Resources representative for information about other federal, state, and municipal
medical or family leave rights.
Separation from Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused paid sick and safe time is not provided upon separation
from employment for any reason. If a Teammate is rehired, previously unused paid sick and safe
leave will not be reinstated. For rehired Teammates, the previous period of service will count
towards the Teammate’s one-year waiting period only if the Teammate was discharged by the
Company and is rehired within 12 months after the discharge. Teammates who are terminated
after completing the one-year waiting period may use and accrue sick leave immediately upon
reinstatement. Teammates who are terminated before completing the waiting period will, upon
reinstatement, have the same time remaining in the waiting period as on the date of the
termination. If the Teammate voluntarily terminated their employment with the Company, their
previous service will not count toward the one-year waiting period.
Retaliation
The Company will not retaliate or tolerate retaliation against any Teammate because the
Teammate lodges a complaint of a violation of the VESTL or cooperates with the state labor
department in an investigation of a violation.
Crime Victim Leave
Leave to Testify in Legal Proceedings
A Teammate may be eligible to take time off from work to honor a subpoena to testify in a legal
proceeding if they are a victim of a crime or family member or representative of a victim. For
purposes of this policy, a "victim" means a person who sustained physical, emotional, or financial
injury or who died as a direct result of the commission or attempted commission of a crime or act
of delinquency, as well as the family members of a minor, a person who has been found to be
incompetent or a homicide victim. Also for purposes of this policy, a "family member" includes a
spouse, child, sibling, parent, next of kin, domestic partner or legal guardian of a victim.
The Company will not terminate or otherwise discipline eligible Teammates for taking time off
under this policy.
Time off under this policy will be without pay, except that exempt Teammates will be paid in
accordance with applicable law.
Leave to Attend a Deposition or Court Proceeding
Eligible Teammates will be allowed time off from work for the purpose of attending a deposition
or court proceeding related to:
• A criminal proceeding, when the Teammate is an alleged victim and has a right or
obligation to appear at the proceeding;
• A relief from abuse hearing, when the Teammate seeks the order as plaintiff;
• A hearing concerning an order against stalking or sexual assault, when the Teammate
seeks the order as plaintiff; or
• A relief from abuse, neglect or exploitation hearing when the Teammate is the plaintiff.
For purposes of this policy, an “alleged victim” means a person who is alleged in an affidavit filed
by a law enforcement official with a prosecuting attorney of competent state or federal jurisdiction
to have sustained physical, emotional, or financial injury or death as a direct result of the
commission or attempted commission of a crime or act of delinquency. “Alleged victim” also
includes that person’s family member, if the person is a minor, a person who has been found to
be incompetent or a homicide victim. The “family member” of an alleged victim means an
individual who is not identified in the affidavit as the defendant and is the alleged victim’s child
(including a foster child, stepchild or legal ward who lives with the alleged victim), spouse,
domestic partner, civil union partner, sibling, grandparent, grandchild, parent, parent of the
alleged victim’s spouse, domestic partner or civil union partner, legal guardian or an individual for
whom the alleged victim stands in loco parentis or who stood in loco parentis for the alleged victim
when the alleged victim was a child.
Teammates are eligible for leave if the Company has continuously employed them for a period of
six months for an average of at least 20 hours per week.
Teammates are not eligible for leave if, prior to requesting the leave, they received, or provided,
notice of termination of their employment with the Company. The Company may also deny a
Teammate’s request for leave under this policy if the Teammate’s absence would require the
Company to suspend all business operations at a location that is open to the general public.
Leave under this policy will be in addition to and not run concurrently with leave under the Vermont
Parental and Family Leave Act. For additional information, see the Parental and Family Leave
policy included in this Vermont supplement.
Leave for a crime victim to attend a deposition or court proceeding is generally unpaid, except
that exempt Teammates will be paid when required under applicable law and all Teammates may
elect to use any accrued sick leave, vacation, or other accrued paid leave. Use of accrued paid
leave does not extend the length of leave.
Teammates will be permitted to continue employment benefits during the leave at the same level
and under the same conditions that coverage would have been provided had the Teammate
continued in employment rather than take leave. Teammates will be required to continue to pay
their portion of the cost of benefits during the leave.
Upon return from leave, Teammates will be offered the same or a comparable position at the
same level of compensation, benefits, seniority and other terms and conditions of employment.
Reinstatement may be denied, however, if during the leave, the Teammate’s job would have been
terminated or the Teammate would have been laid off for reasons unrelated to the leave.