WASHINGTON SUPPLEMENT
Meal and Rest Breaks
Meal Breaks
Nonexempt Teammates working more than five hours in a shift will be provided a meal break of
at least 30 minutes. The meal break must be taken between the second and the fifth hour of work.
An additional meal break will be provided for each additional five hours of work and will be given
within five hours from the end of the first meal break. Nonexempt Teammates who work three or
more hours longer than the normally scheduled shift will be provided at least one 30-minute meal
break before or during that extra work time.
Uninterrupted meal breaks of at least 30 minutes, during which the Teammate is completely
relieved from duty, are unpaid. Because meal breaks are unpaid, Teammates must record their
start and stop times. Meal breaks may be voluntarily waived by a Teammate. Any such waiver
may be revoked by the Teammate or the Company. A Teammate who is required to work through
some or all of a 30-minute meal break or whose 30-minute meal break is interrupted should report
it to Human Resources. If a Teammate does not report a missed or interrupted meal break, the
Company will assume the Teammate voluntarily waived the meal break.
Rest Breaks
Nonexempt Teammates must take a 10-minute paid rest break for every four hours worked and
must not work more than three consecutive hours without a paid 10-minute rest break. A rest
break taken in a 10-minute block must be scheduled as near as possible to the midpoint of the
work period. A Teammate’s paid rest breaks do not have to be scheduled in 10-minute blocks if
the nature of the work allows the Teammate to take shorter, intermittent rest breaks totaling 10
minutes for every four hours worked. A Teammate may not waive a paid rest break.
Any Teammate who does not receive a rest break in accordance with this policy should report it
to Human Resources. If a Teammate does not report a missed rest break, the Company will
assume the Teammate took his or her rest breaks as required by this policy.
Responsibilities
Teammates are expected to take their meal and rest breaks and management is expected to
ensure that Teammates take meal and rest breaks in accordance with this policy. Supervisors
may not pressure or coerce Teammates to work through their meal or rest breaks. Any Teammate
who feels they have been pressured or coerced into working through a meal or rest break should
immediately report the situation to Human Resources..
Any Teammate, supervisor or manager who fails to observe the applicable guidelines in this policy
will be subject to discipline, up to and including termination of employment. Violations of this policy
should be reported to Human Resources. Every report will be fully investigated, and corrective
action will be taken when appropriate. The Company will not allow any form of retaliation against
individuals who report alleged violations of this policy or who cooperate in the Company’s
investigation of such reports.
Washington Paid Family and Medical Leave
In accordance with the Washington Paid Family and Medical Leave Act (“WA PFMLA”), eligible
Teammates may be entitled to a leave of absence with partial wage replacement benefits from
the State of Washington Employment Security Department (“Department”) for absences due to
their own serious health condition, or to care for a family member with a serious health condition,
bond with a new child, or assist with obligations that arise when a family member is called into
active military service.
Teammate Eligibility
Teammates are eligible for WA PFMLA leave and partial wage replacement benefits if they meet
the eligibility requirements as determined by the Department. Generally this means that
Teammates must have worked 820 hours in “employment” (as defined by the WA PFMLA), for
any employer in Washington State, during the qualifying period (i.e., first four of the last five
completed calendar quarters or, if eligibility is not established, the last four completed calendar
quarters immediately preceding the application for leave).
Reasons for and Length of Leave
During a benefit year, eligible Teammates may be entitled to:
• Up to a maximum of 12 weeks of paid family leave to: (1) participate in providing care for
a “family member” of the Teammate made necessary by the family member’s serious
health condition; (2) bond with the Teammate’s child during the first 12 months following
the child’s birth, or the first 12 months after the placement of a child under the age of 18
with the Teammate for adoption or foster care; or (3) attend to a “qualifying exigency,” as
defined under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (“FMLA”), arising from the
“covered active duty” (as defined below) of a Teammate’s family member as a member of
the military reserves, National Guard, or Armed Forces. Paid family leave can also be
used during the seven calendar days following the death of the family member for whom
the Teammate would have qualified for medical leave on the basis of the birth of the
Teammate’s child or would have qualified for family leave for the purpose of bonding with
a child following the child’s birth or placement.
• Up to a maximum of 12 weeks of paid medical leave to attend to their own serious health
condition. Medical leave may be extended up to an additional two weeks (up to 14 weeks
of medical leave) if the Teammate experiences a pregnancy-related serious health
condition that results in incapacity.
An eligible Teammate may receive up to a combined total of 16 weeks of medical and family
leave, or up to a combined total of 18 weeks if the Teammate experiences a pregnancy-related
condition that results in incapacity. For Teammates who are eligible for leave based upon
incapacity due to pregnancy or for prenatal care, leave taken during the first six weeks after birth
(the “postnatal period”) will be presumed to be paid medical leave, unless the Teammate’s
medical leave entitlement is fully or partially exhausted prior to the birth of the child or the
Teammate chooses to use paid family leave, if available, during that postnatal period.
A Teammate is not entitled to WA PFMLA benefits for (a) absences caused by the Teammate’s
willful intent to bring about injury to or sickness of the Teammate or another; (b) absences
resulting from an injury or sickness sustained in the Teammate’s perpetration of an illegal act; (c)
any family or medical leave beginning before the Teammate is eligible for such benefits; (d) a
period during which the Teammate is on suspension from employment; or (d) any period of time
during which the Teammate works for remuneration or profit.
Definitions
• “Benefit year” means a period of 52 consecutive calendar weeks beginning on Sunday
of the week of the Teammate’s timely and complete application to the Department.
Teammates will only have one “Benefit Year” at a time.
• “Child” means a biological, adopted, or foster child, a stepchild, a child’s spouse, or a
child to whom the Teammate stands in loco parentis, is a legal guardian, or is a de facto
parent, regardless of age (except for bonding leave) or dependency status.
• “Covered Active Duty” means (1) in the case of a member of a regular component of
the Armed Forces, duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a
foreign country; and (2) in the case of a member of a reserve component of the Armed
Forces, duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign
country under a call or order to active duty (or notification of an impending call or order to
active duty) in support of a contingency operation as defined by applicable law.
• “Family Member” means the Teammate’s spouse or state registered domestic partner,
child, parent, grandparent, grandchild, or sibling. “Family member” also includes any
individual who depends on the Teammate for care and either: (1) regularly resides in the
Teammate’s home; or (2) is in a relationship that creates an expectation that the
Teammate will care for the person. “Family member” does not include an individual who
simply resides in the same home as the Teammate with no expectation that the Teammate
care for them.
• “Grandchild” means a child of the Teammate’s child.
• “Grandparent” means a parent of the Teammate’s parent.
• “Parent” means the biological, adoptive, de facto, or foster parent, stepparent, or legal
guardian of a Teammate or the Teammate’s spouse or state registered domestic partner,
or an individual who stood in loco parentis to a Teammate when the Teammate was a
child.
Wage Replacement Benefits
Eligible Teammates may receive WA PFMLA wage replacement benefits from the Department.
Wage replacement benefits are determined and administered by the Department, not the
Company. The amount of wage replacement benefits is calculated based upon a Teammate’s
average weekly wage in relation to the state average weekly wage and is capped at a maximum
weekly benefit amount that is adjusted annually. When taking WA PFMLA for reasons other than
family leave for a qualifying exigency, medical leave taken upon the birth of a child or family leave
taken for bonding after the birth or placement of the Teammate’s child, payment of wage
replacement benefits is subject to a waiting period of seven consecutive calendar days. The
waiting period begins on the Sunday of the first week an eligible Teammate starts taking paid
family or medical leave. A waiting period does not reduce the maximum duration of a Teammate’s
available paid family or medical leave. Teammates may use available accrued vacation, sick
leave (if applicable), or other Company-provided paid time off during the waiting period.
The minimum claim duration is eight consecutive hours of leave meaning the Teammate claims
at least eight consecutive hours at some point during the week beginning on Sunday at 12:00
a.m. and ending at 11:59 p.m. the following Saturday.
In any week in which a Teammate is eligible to receive benefits under federal or state
unemployment compensation, industrial insurance, or disability insurance laws, the Teammate
may be disqualified from receiving WA PFMLA wage replacement benefits.
Intermittent and Reduced Schedule Leave
Teammates may take WA PFMLA leave intermittently, which means taking leave in blocks of
time, or on a reduced schedule basis, by reducing the Teammate’s normal weekly or daily work
schedule.
Payroll Deductions
WA PFMLA benefits are funded by both a Company contribution (if the Company has 50 or more
Teammates in “employment” in Washington State) and a Teammate contribution.
Teammates must file an application for WA PFMLA benefits directly with the Department using
the Department’s forms.
Teammates must also provide advance notice to the Company as follows:
• When the need for WA PFMLA leave is foreseeable based on an expected birth,
placement of a child, or planned medical treatment for a serious health condition, the
Teammate must provide written notice to the Company at least 30 days in advance.
• When 30 days’ notice is not possible, such as because of a lack of knowledge of
approximately when WA PFMLA leave will be required to begin, a change in
circumstances, or a medical emergency, the Teammate must provide written notice to the
Company as soon as practicable.
• When the need for WA PFMLA leave due to a qualifying military exigency is foreseeable,
the Teammate must provide written notice to the Company as soon as is practicable,
regardless of how far in advance such leave is foreseeable.
• When the need for leave is not foreseeable, the Teammate must provide written notice to
the Company as soon as is practicable under the facts and circumstances of the particular
situation. If the Teammate is unable to provide notice personally, written notice may be
given by another responsible party, such as the Teammate’s spouse or domestic partner,
neighbor, or coworker.
“As soon as is practicable” means as soon as it is both possible and practical to provide notice,
taking into account all of the facts and circumstances in the individual situation.
Written notice should be provided to the Company and specify the anticipated timing and duration
of the leave. Written notice includes, but is not limited to, handwritten or typed notices, and all
forms of written electronic communications such as text messages and email. Failure to provide
timely notice may result in the Department denying WA PFMLA benefits.
Teammates must advise the Company as soon as practicable if the dates of a scheduled WA
PFMLA leave change or are extended, or if the dates of leave were initially unknown.
Teammates applying for WA PFMLA benefits must provide the Department supporting
documentation or certification as required by the Department.
When using WA PFMLA concurrently with FMLA, Teammates must comply with the notice and
certification requirements sent by Human Resources.
Teammates must make a reasonable effort to schedule treatment in a manner that does not
unduly disrupt the Company’s operations, subject to the approval of the Teammate’s or family
member’s health care provider.
Whenever a Teammate who is qualified for WA PFMLA benefits is absent from work for family
leave or medical leave for a period of more than seven consecutive days, the Company will
provide the Teammate with a written statement of the Teammate’s rights. The notice will be
provided to the Teammate within five business days after the Teammate’s seventh consecutive
day of absence due to family or medical leave, or within five business days after the Company
has received notice that the Teammate’s absence is for such reasons, whichever is later.
Health Benefits
To the extent required by applicable law, if a Teammate takes WA PFMLA and there is at least
one day of concurrent use with FMLA, the Company will continue making contributions to
Teammate group health benefits during the WA PFMLA leave on the same terms as if the
Teammate had continued to actively work. The Company will maintain health benefits from the
date WA PFMLA began until the earlier of when WA PFMLA ends, or the Teammate returns from
leave to any employment.
If Teammates want their benefits coverage to continue during the WA PFMLA leave, they must
also continue to make the same premium payments that they are normally required to make for
themselves or their dependents. Failure to make timely payments may result in termination of
health insurance coverage.
Effect on Other Rights and Paid Leave
When both the FMLA and the WA PFMLA apply, the leave provided by each will count against
the Teammate’s entitlement under both laws and leave taken under the FMLA will run
concurrently with leave taken under the WA PFMLA.
WA PFMLA is in addition to any leave for sickness or temporary disability because of pregnancy
or childbirth. When a Teammate takes leave for pregnancy disability under both the WA PFMLA
and Pregnancy Disability Leave, the two leaves will run concurrently, but a Teammate’s WA
PFMLA entitlement or eligibility does not limit the amount of Pregnancy Disability Leave to which
the Teammate may be entitled.
The Company will not require Teammates to take paid vacation, paid sick leave, or other forms
of paid time off provided by the Company before, in place of, or concurrently with WA PFMLA. A
Teammate may choose whether to take Company-provided paid time off provided under a
collective bargaining agreement or Company policy. However, such Company-provided paid time
off will not be a supplemental benefit to WA PFMLA and may impact the amount of WA PFMLA
benefits that the Teammate will receive from the Department.
Return from Leave
Teammates who return to work as scheduled at the end of WA PFMLA will be reinstated to the
same position they held at the time the leave commenced, or to an equivalent position with
comparable benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment, under the following
circumstances:
• The Company has 50 or more Teammates in “employment” (as defined by the WA
PFMLA).
• The Teammate is in “employment” in Washington State (as defined by the WA PFMLA).
• The Teammate has been employed by the Company for twelve months or more.
• The Teammate has worked for the Company for at least 1,250 hours during the twelve
months immediately preceding the date on which leave will commence.
For Teammates who do not meet the requirements for job reinstatement under the WA PFMLA,
reinstatement is not guaranteed. Other laws that provide for reinstatement may apply, and the
Company will comply with all applicable reinstatement requirements.
The Company may deny restoration to any salaried Teammate who is among the highest paid
ten percent of the Teammates employed by the Company within 75 miles of the facility at which
the Teammate is employed if:
• Denial is necessary to prevent substantial and grievous economic injury to the operations
of the Company;
• The Company notifies the Teammate of its intent to deny restoration on such basis at the
time the Company determines that the injury would occur; and
• The leave has commenced and the Teammate elects not to return to employment after
receiving the notice.
Protected Rights
The Company takes its WA PFMLA obligations very seriously and will not interfere with, restrain,
or deny the exercise of any right protected under the WA PFMLA. The Company will not
discriminate or retaliate against any Teammate because that person uses or attempts to use WA
PFMLA benefits. Teammates who believe their WA PFMLA rights have been violated in any way
should immediately report the matter to Human Resources.
Paid Sick and Safe Leave (Washington)
The Company provides paid sick and safe leave to eligible Teammates in compliance with
Washington State’s paid sick and safe leave law (PSSLL). If a Washington Teammate works in
Seattle or Tacoma, the Company will comply with all applicable requirements of the paid sick
leave ordinances of those cities that are more favorable to Teammates.
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
All non-exempt Teammates (including full-time, part-time and temporary Teammates) who work
in Washington are eligible to accrue paid sick and safe leave. Teammates who do not meet the
definition of “Teammate” under the Washington Minimum Wage Act, such as Teammates
employed in executive, administrative, professional and outside sales capacities (generally,
exempt Teammates) are not eligible.
Accrual and Use of Paid Sick and Safe Leave
Eligible Teammates begin to accrue paid sick and safe time upon the first day of employment as
part of their sick leave benefits.
Sick and safe time in the form of sick leave benefits under the Company’s main sick leave policy
accrues under this policy at a rate of one hour for every 40 hours worked, including overtime
hours. There is no cap on accrual of Sick and Safe Time under this policy.
Teammates will not accrue paid sick and safe leave while using paid sick and safe leave or other
paid time off. Teammates also will not accrue paid sick and safe leave during an unpaid leave of
absence.
Teammates may begin to use their accrued paid sick and safe leave on the 90th calendar day
after they begin working for the Company. Teammates can use paid sick and safe leave for an
absence on any day for which they were required to work. Paid sick and safe leave may be used
in increments of one hour or greater to cover all or just part of a workday.
Accrued but unused paid sick and safe leave will carry over from one year to the next, up to a
maximum of 40 hours. Any additional time left in your bank is forfeited.
Teammates are not required to find a Teammate to cover their work when they take paid sick and
safe leave. Paid sick and safe leave taken in accordance with this policy will not be counted as
an absence or occurrence that may result in discipline under any Company policy.
Reasons Sick and Safe Leave May be Used
Eligible Teammates may use paid sick and safe leave for the following reasons:
• Because of the Teammate’s or the Teammate’s family member’s mental or physical
illness, injury or health condition;
• For the diagnosis, care or treatment of the Teammate’s or the Teammate's family
member's mental or physical illness, injury or health condition;
• For preventive medical care for the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member;
• If either the Teammate's place of business or the Teammate's child's school or place of
care is closed by order of a public official for a health-related reason (i.e., a serious public
health concern that could result in bodily injury or exposure to an infectious agent,
biological toxin or hazardous material; a closure for inclement weather is not a health-
related reason);
• Absences that qualify for leave under the state’s domestic violence leave law due to in
incident of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking of the Teammate or the
Teammate’s family member to:
Seek legal or law enforcement assistance or remedies to ensure the health and
o
safety of the Teammate or the Teammate's family members;
Seek treatment by a health care provider for physical or mental injuries caused by
o
domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking;
Attend to health care treatment for a victim who is the Teammate's family member;
o
Obtain, or assist a family member in obtaining, services from a domestic violence
o
shelter, rape crisis center or other social services program for relief from domestic
violence, sexual assault or stalking;
Obtain, or assist a family member in obtaining, mental health counseling related to
o
an incident of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking in which the Teammate
or the Teammate's family member was a victim of domestic violence, sexual
assault or stalking; or
Participate in safety planning, temporarily or permanently relocate or take other
o
actions to increase the Teammate's safety or the safety of the Teammate's family
members from future domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking.
Eligible family members include:
• A spouse or registered domestic partner;
• A biological, adopted or foster child; stepchild; legal ward; or child to whom the Teammate
stands in loco parentis, is a legal guardian, or is a de facto parent, regardless of age or
dependency status;
• A biological, adoptive, de facto or foster parent, stepparent or legal guardian of the
Teammate or Teammate’s spouse or registered domestic partner; or a person who stood
in loco parentis when the Teammate was a minor child;
• A sibling;
• A grandparent; or
• A grandchild.
For absences related to the Teammate’s or family member’s status as a victim of domestic
violence, sexual assault or stalking, “family member” also includes an individual with whom the
Teammate has a dating relationship.
Requesting Paid Sick and Safe Leave/Documentation
When the need for paid sick and safe leave is foreseeable, Teammates must provide reasonable
advance notice to Human Resources. The Teammate should provide notice as soon as
practicable and must provide notice at least 10 calendar days before the date sick or safe leave
will begin. If the need for paid sick and safe leave is unforeseeable, Teammates must provide
notice to Human Resources of the need to use the time as soon as practicable. In all
circumstances, Teammates should specify that the requested time off is for sick or safe leave
reasons (as opposed to, for example, vacation time), so that the absence may be designated
accordingly.
If it is impracticable for a Teammate to provide notice of the need for sick and safe leave, another
person can provide notice on the Teammate’s behalf.
For absences exceeding three consecutive days (for all or a portion of the time that a Teammate
is required to work), the Company may require Teammates to provide verification that their use
of paid sick and safe leave is for an authorized purpose. Teammates must submit any required
documentation within ten calendar days following the first day of paid sick and safe leave.
For Teammates using paid sick and safe leave related to the Teammate’s or family member’s
status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking, Teammates must provide the
requested verification in a timely manner after the Company requests it.
If a Teammate anticipates that providing required documentation will create an unreasonable
burden, the Teammate can provide an oral or written explanation to the Company, which asserts
that the use of paid sick and safe leave was for an authorized purpose and explains why the
requested verification creates an unreasonable burden or expense for the Teammate.
Within ten (10) calendar days of the Teammate providing an explanation to the Company, the
Company will make a reasonable effort to identify and provide alternatives for the Teammate to
meet the verification requirement in a manner that does not result in unreasonable burden or
expense on the Teammate.
The Company may request documentation related to the absence for other reasons as required
or permitted under federal, state or other local law including but not limited to for family medical
leave or related to a reasonable accommodation.
Rate of Pay for Sick and Safe Leave/Overtime
Sick and safe leave will be paid at the Teammate's regular and normal rate of pay at the time the
Teammate uses the leave, or at minimum wage, whichever is greater. Teammates will not receive
overtime pay for sick and safe leave.
Separation From Employment
Compensation for accrued and unused sick and safe leave is not provided upon separation from
employment for any reason.
Confidentiality
The Company will keep confidential the medical or other personal information about a Teammate
or her/his covered family member and treat such information in accordance with applicable
privacy laws.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
Benefits and leave rights herein will run concurrently with benefits or leave rights under any other
applicable law or policy, where permissible and applicable. The Company may provide other
forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or for issues related to domestic
violence under certain federal, state and municipal laws. In certain situations, leave under this
policy may run at the same time as leave available under another federal, state or municipal law,
provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company is committed to complying
with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact Human Resources for information about other
federal, state and municipal domestic violence, medical or family leave rights.
No Discrimination or Retaliation
The Company will not interfere with, restrain or deny a Teammate’s rights under the PSSLL and
will not discriminate or retaliate against a Teammate because they exercise those rights. The
Company also will not discriminate or retaliate against a Teammate who files an action or
otherwise institutes a proceeding under or related to the PSSLL or who testifies or intends to
testify in any such proceeding related to any protected rights under the PSSLL.
Paid Sick and Safe Time (Seattle)
The Company provides eligible Teammates who perform work in Seattle with paid sick and safe
leave ("Sick Time" and "Safe Time," collectively "Sick and Safe Time") in accordance with the
requirements of the Seattle Paid Sick and Safe Time Ordinance (SPSSTO). The Company also
complies with Washington’s Paid Sick and Safe Leave Law (PSSLL) and will comply with all
applicable requirements of the PSSLL that are more favorable to Teammates.
The accrual only applies to eligible Teammates who do not receive sufficient Paid Sick
Leave under the Company’s main paid sick leave policy. Teammates who receive
sufficient time under that policy do not receive additional time under this policy, unless
required by law.
Eligibility
All exempt, nonexempt, full-time, part-time, temporary and work-study Teammates, as well as
paid interns, who perform work within the geographic boundaries of Seattle city limits are eligible
for Sick and Safe Time under this policy.
Teammates who are based outside of Seattle but who work inside the City limits on an occasional,
irregular basis ("Occasional Teammates") are eligible for Sick and Safe Time once they have
worked more than 240 hours in Seattle within a calendar year. Once an Occasional Teammate
works more than 240 hours in a calendar year all previous hours worked in Seattle during that
year count toward the accrual of Sick and Safe Time, and the Teammate remains eligible to
accrue Sick and Safe Time for the duration of his or her employment with the Company.
Teammates who are based outside of Seattle but travel to and perform work in Seattle are
required to track the time spent working within Seattle city limits by using their time records.
Reasons Sick and Safe Time May Be Used
Teammates may use accrued Sick and Safe Time for any of the following Sick Time reasons:
• The Teammate’s mental or physical illness, injury or health condition; to allow a Teammate
to obtain a medical diagnosis, care or treatment for the same; or for a Teammate’s need
for preventive medical care; or
• To allow a Teammate to care for a family member who: has a mental or physical illness,
injury, or health condition; needs to obtain a medical diagnosis, care or treatment for the
same; or needs preventive medical care.
Teammates may use accrued Sick and Safe Time for any of the following Safe Time reasons:
• The Teammate’s place of business has been closed by order of a public official, for any
health-related reason (i.e., a serious public health concern that could result in bodily injury
or exposure to an infectious agent, biological toxin or hazardous material) (a closure for
inclement weather is not a health-related reason);
• [Insert only for employers with 250 or more full-time equivalent Teammates on average
per calendar week during the previous calendar year (regardless of where employed) (i.e.,
Tier 3 employers): The Teammate’s place of business has reduced operations or closed
for any health- or safety-related reason;
• When the Teammate’s family member’s school or place of care has been closed; or
• The Teammate needs time off for any of the following reasons related to domestic
violence, sexual assault or stalking:
Seek legal or law enforcement assistance to ensure the health and safety of the
o
Teammate or the Teammate’s family or household members
Seek treatment by a health care provider for physical or mental injuries caused by
o
domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking, or attend to health care treatment for a
victim who is the Teammate’s family or household member;
Obtain, or assist a family or household member in obtaining, services from a domestic
o
violence shelter, rape crisis center, or other social services program for relief from
domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking;
Obtain, or assist a family or household member in obtaining, mental health counseling
o
related to an incident of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, in which the
Teammate or the Teammate’s family or household member was a victim of domestic
violence, sexual assault, or stalking;
Participate in safety planning;
o
Temporarily or permanently relocate; or
o
Take other actions to increase the safety of the Teammate or the Teammate’s family
o
or household members from future domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking.
For all uses of Sick and Safe Time, "family member" means a child, parent, spouse, registered
domestic partner, grandparent, grandchild, or sibling. “Parent” means a biological parent,
adoptive parent, de facto parent, foster parent, stepparent, or legal guardian of a Teammate or
the Teammate’s spouse or registered domestic partner, or a person who stood in loco parentis
when the Teammate was a minor child. “Child” means a biological child, adopted child, foster
child, stepchild, or a child to whom a Teammate stands in loco parentis, is a legal guardian or is
a de facto parent, regardless of age or dependency status.
For use of Safe Time related to domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking, "family or household
member” includes children, spouses, domestic partners, parents, parents-in-law, stepparents,
stepchildren, grandparents, grandchildren; former spouses, former domestic partners, persons
who have a child in common (regardless of whether they have been married or lived together);
any adult person related to the Teammate by blood or marriage and any person with whom the
Teammate has a current or former dating or cohabitation relationship. A "parent" includes a
biological or adoptive parent, or an individual who stood in loco parentis to a Teammate when the
Teammate was a child.
Accrual and Use of Sick and Safe Time
The Company is considered a Tier 3 employer under the SPSSTO. Accordingly, eligible
Teammates accrue paid Sick and Safe Time at the rate of one hour per 30 hours worked and
there is no cap on accrual of Sick and Safe Time under this policy.
Occasional Teammates only accrue Sick and Safe Time under this policy for the hours that are
worked in Seattle.
Nonexempt Teammates will accrue Sick and Safe Time on eligible hours worked, including
overtime hours. Exempt Teammates’ accrual of Sick and Safe Time will be based on a 40-hour
workweek. If an exempt Teammate’s normal workweek is less than 40 hours, the Teammate
accrues Sick and Safe time based on the Teammate’s normal workweek.
Eligible Teammates will begin accruing Sick and Safe Time upon the commencement of
employment with the Company.
Each time wages are paid, the Company will provide Teammates with a written statement found
in Advantage Benefits of Sick and Safe Time accrued since the last notice, Sick and Safe Time
reduced since the last notice and any unused Sick and Safe Time available.
Teammates may begin using accrued Sick and Safe Time on the 90th calendar day after
beginning their employment with the Company, or, for Occasional Teammates, after working 240
hours in Seattle within a calendar year. Occasional Teammates may only use paid Sick and Safe
Time under this policy during times that they are scheduled to perform work in Seattle.
The Company will allow Teammates to use their Sick and Safe Time in increments of one hour.
Requesting Sick and Safe Time/Documentation
When possible, Teammates requesting to use Sick and Safe Time must include in their requests
the expected duration of the absence. In all circumstances, Teammates should specify that they
will be using Sick and Safe Time (rather than, for example, other time off, including unpaid time
off), so that the absence can be designated accordingly.
Foreseeable Use
If the Sick and Safe Time is foreseeable, Teammates must provide the Company with a written
request for Sick and Safe Time at least 10 days, or as early as possible, in advance of the date
of use. The request must be written and may be transmitted electronically, including by e-mail.
If the need for leave is foreseeable, Teammates must schedule the leave so as not to unduly
disrupt the Company’s operations.
Unforeseeable Use
If the need for paid leave is unforeseeable, Teammates must provide notice as soon as
practicable. If the leave is needed for reasons related to domestic violence, sexual assault or
stalking, a Teammate must provide notice by the end of the first day of absence.
Teammates are not required to find a Teammate to cover their work when they take Sick and
Safe Time. The Company will not count Teammates’ use of Sick and Safe Time under this policy
as an absence when evaluating absenteeism. Therefore, any such use of Sick and Safe Time will
not count as an "occurrence" under any Company policy.
Verification of Absence
When Teammates use four or more consecutive workdays of Sick and Safe Time, the Company
may require verification that the use of Sick and Safe Time is for an authorized purpose. Any
required documentation must be provided within a reasonable time period during or after the
leave, meaning no later than 10 days after the first day of Sick and Safe Time use. For
Teammates using Sick and Safe Time related to the Teammate’s or family member’s status as a
victim of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking, Teammates must provide the requested
verification in a timely manner after the Company requests it.
If a Teammate anticipates that providing required verification will create an unreasonable burden
or expense, the Teammate can provide a written or verbal explanation to the Company, which
asserts that the use of Sick and Safe Time was for an authorized purpose and explains how
compliance with the verification request creates an unreasonable burden or expense on the
Teammate. Within ten (10) calendar days of the Teammate providing an explanation to the
Company, the Company will make a reasonable effort to identify and provide alternatives for the
Teammate to meet the verification requirement in a manner which does not result in unreasonable
burden or expense on the Teammate.
The Company may request documentation related to the absence for other reasons as required
or permitted under federal, state, or other local law including but not limited to for family medical
leave or related to a reasonable accommodation.
Compensation
Pay for Sick and Safe Time will be calculated based on the greater of the applicable minimum
wage or the Teammate’s normal hourly compensation at the time of the absence.
The Company does not pay Teammates for accrued, unused Sick and Safe Time at any time,
including upon termination of employment.
Leave Carryover
Accrued sick and safe time may be carried over from year to year, up to a maximum carryover
amount of 72 hours. If, at the end of the year, a Teammate has accrued more than 72 hours of
Sick and Safe Time, the Teammate may carry over only 72 hours to the next year, and the
remaining accrued Sick and Safe Time will be forfeited.
Effect on Other Rights and Policies
The Company may provide other forms of leave for Teammates to care for medical conditions or
for leave related to domestic violence under certain federal, state, and municipal laws. In certain
situations, leave under this policy may run at the same time as leave available under another
federal or state law, provided eligibility requirements for that law are met. The Company is
committed to complying with all applicable laws. Teammates should contact their Human
Resources representative for information about other federal, state and municipal medical or
family leave rights.
Confidentiality
The Company will keep confidential the fact that a Teammate’s absence is for Sick and Safe Time
and any information provided to the Company in support of a request for leave, including health
information or the fact that the Teammate or Teammate’s family member is a victim of domestic
violence, sexual assault or stalking, except upon the Teammate’s request or consent, or as
otherwise required by applicable law.
Separation from Employment and Transfer
Compensation for accrued and unused paid Sick and Safe Time is not provided upon separation
from employment for any reason.
Former Teammates who are rehired within 12 months of their separation from employment will
have previously unused Sick and Safe Time reinstated, and the hours they worked during the
previous period of employment will be counted for purposes of determining eligibility to accrue
and use Sick and Safe Time. If the period of time a Teammate is separated from employment
extends into a subsequent calendar year, the amount of accrued but unused Sick and Safe Time
reinstated will be capped at 72 hours. Upon rehire, the Company will provide notification to the
Teammate of the amount of accrued, unused Sick and Safe Time available for use by the
Teammate.
Teammates who transfer from their position in Seattle to a separate Company division, entity, or
location outside of Seattle, but are later transferred back to working in Seattle for the Company
will retain their previously available accrued Sick and Safe Time.
Retaliation
The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against Teammates who request or take leave in
accordance with this policy or inquire about their rights under the SPSSTO, inform others of rights
under the SPSSTO, make a complaint in good faith, even if mistaken, about suspected violations
of this policy or of the SPSSTO, testify in a proceeding under or related to the SPSSTO, refuse
to participate in an activity that would result in a violation of city, state or federal law or otherwise
engage in conduct protected under the SPSSTO.