WISCONSIN SUPPLEMENT
Family and Medical Leave of Absence
We recognize that a Teammate may need to be absent from work for an extended period of time
for family and/or medical reasons. Accordingly, the Company will grant time off to Teammates in
accordance with the requirements of the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (“Fed-FMLA”) and
the Wisconsin Family and Medical Leave Act (“WFMLA”). Where both the Fed-FMLA and WFMLA
apply, the leave provided by each will count against the Teammate’s entitlement under both laws
and must be taken concurrently. A Teammate who is eligible for leave under only one of these
laws will receive benefits in accordance with that law only.
The following policy addresses Teammate rights under the WFMLA. Teammates should refer to
the Handbook for additional detail regarding the Fed-FMLA. All questions concerning this policy
should be directed to Human Resources.
Under the WFMLA, eligible Teammates are entitled to take the following leave in each calendar
year:
• Up to six weeks of family leave for the birth of a child or placement of a child for adoption
or as a precondition to adoption;
• Up to two weeks family leave to care for a child, spouse, domestic partner or parent
suffering from a serious health condition; and
• Up to two weeks medical leave for a Teammate to care for the Teammate’s own serious
health condition that makes the Teammate unable to perform his or her job.
For purposes of this policy, a “parent” includes a natural, foster, adoptive or stepparent or a legal
guardian of a Teammate or of the Teammate’s spouse or domestic partner.
Teammates may start family leave for the birth or adoption of a child no earlier than 16 weeks
before the estimated date of birth or placement for adoption, and no later than 16 weeks after the
actual date of birth or placement for adoption. No more than one six-week period of leave may be
used by Teammates for the birth or adoption of any one child.
To be eligible for leave under this policy, Teammates must have been employed by the Company
for more than 52 consecutive weeks, and at least 1,000 hours during the preceding 52-week
period.
Reduced Schedule/Intermittent Leave
Teammates may take leave for the birth or placement of a child or for a family member’s serious
health condition as a partial absence from employment. However, a partial absence must be
scheduled to avoid unduly disrupting Company operations. Teammates must provide a proposed
schedule for the leave in a reasonably prompt manner. The schedule must be sufficiently definite
to allow the Company to schedule replacements as needed.
A Teammate may schedule medical leave when medically necessary.
WFMLA leave may be taken intermittently in one hour increments.
Requesting Leave
Teammates who wish to take planned family or medical leave must notify Human Resources with
reasonable promptness when they become aware of the need for WFMLA leave and should
identify the planned dates of the leave. The Company may require Teammates to provide written
notice of the need for leave, except where written notice is not possible because of the need for
immediate health care consultation or treatment.
Certification of Health Care Provider
The Company reserves the right to require certification from a health care provider regarding the
person requiring care, whether that is the Teammate or the Teammate’s spouse, child, or parent.
The Company may request certification: (1) that the Teammate or the Teammate’s family member
has a serious health condition; (2) of the date on which the serious health condition commenced
and its probable duration; and (3) of the medical facts regarding the serious health condition.
When Teammates request medical leave for their own serious health condition, the Company
may also require a medical certification that explains the extent to which the Teammate is unable
to perform his or her employment duties. At the Company’s expense, the Company may also
require a second medical opinion regarding a Teammate’s own serious health condition or the
serious health condition of a Teammate’s family member. Teammates are expected to cooperate
with the Company in obtaining additional medical opinions that the Company may require.
Benefits
The Company will continue making contributions for a Teammate’s group health benefits during
a leave on the same terms as if the Teammate had continued to work. This means that, if a
Teammate wants benefits coverage to continue during a leave, the Teammate must also make
any premium payments that the Teammate is now required to make for the Teammate or the
Teammate’s dependents. The Company may require that Teammates pay the premiums for up
to eight weeks of coverage in advance of the leave, in which case the Company will place the
amount into an interest-bearing escrow account in a financial institution and pay the Teammate’s
contributions from the account as they become due during the leave. The Company will return
the amount in escrow, plus interest, if the Teammate terminates employment. If the Teammate
ends employment within 30 days after returning from leave under this policy, the Company may
deduct its costs for health insurance coverage during the leave from the escrow account.
No loss benefits accrued prior to the leave will occur as a result of leave under the WFMLA, but
Teammates are not entitled to any benefit or position that they would not have been entitled to if
they did not take the leave.
Return from Leave
Upon return from leave, Teammates will be returned to work at the position of employment held
by the Teammate when the leave commenced or, if that position is not available, to one with
equivalent benefits, pay, working shift, hours of employment and other terms and conditions of
employment.
Teammates have no greater right to continued employment or reinstatement than if they had been
continuously employed. For example, employment may be terminated in conjunction with layoff
or job elimination during a leave of absence the same as if the Teammate was not on leave.
Substitution of Paid Leave
Leave taken under this policy is unpaid, although depending upon the circumstances, Teammates
may be eligible for short or long-term disability payments and/or workers’ compensation benefits
under those insurance plans. Also, Teammates may choose, but are not required, to substitute
accrued vacation/paid time off (PTO) benefits for all or a portion of the WFMLA leave. All such
payments will be integrated so that Teammates will receive no more than their regular
compensation during this period. The use of paid benefits will not extend the length of a WFMLA
Leave.
Bone Marrow or Organ Donor Leave
Eligible Teammates will be allowed up to six weeks of unpaid leave in a 12-month period to serve
as a bone marrow or organ donor. Leave may be taken only for the period necessary for the
Teammate to undergo and recover from the bone marrow or organ donation procedure.
Teammates are eligible for leave if they have worked for the Company for more than 52
consecutive weeks and for at least 1,000 hours during the preceding 52-week period.
Teammates who wish to take leave under this policy must provide advance notice of the bone
marrow or organ donation in a reasonable and practicable manner and must schedule the
donation procedure so that it does not unduly disrupt Company operations (subject to the approval
of the donee’s health care provider). Teammate who seek leave under this policy must provide a
certification issued by the health care provider of the bone marrow or organ donee or of the
Teammate (whichever is appropriate) that indicates the following: the donee has a serious health
condition necessitating a bone marrow or organ transplant; the Teammate is eligible and has
agreed to serve as a bone marrow or organ donor for the done; and the amount of time expected
to be necessary for the Teammate to recover from the bone marrow or organ donation procedure.
When the reason for taking bone marrow or organ donation leave overlaps with approved leave
under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act and/or the Wisconsin Family and Medical Leave
Act, the leaves will run concurrently.
The leave of absence will be unpaid. However, Teammates may substitute available paid or
unpaid leave for portions of bone marrow or organ donation leave under this policy.
During a leave of absence under this policy, the Company will maintain group health insurance
coverage in the same manner and under the same conditions that applied immediately before the
leave commenced. If the Teammate continues making any required contribution for participation
in the group health insurance plan, the Company will also continue making group health insurance
premium contributions as if the Teammate had not taken the leave.
In most circumstances, upon return from this leave, a Teammate will be reinstated to their original
job or to an equivalent job with equivalent pay, benefits, working shift, hours of employment and
other terms and conditions of employment. However, a Teammate is not entitled to a right,
employment benefit or employment position to which they would not have been entitled if he or
she did not take a leave.
If a Teammate on bone marrow or organ donation leave wishes to return to work before the end
of the leave as scheduled, the Company will reinstate the Teammate within a reasonable time
that does not exceed the original scheduled duration of the leave.
The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against any Teammate for requesting or taking a
leave under this policy or for opposing an unlawful practice related to this policy.