WELCOME
Whether you are new to Advantage Solutions or a long-term Teammate, we are excited that you are part of our
team!
Advantage is the nation's leading business solutions provider to manufacturers and retailers, with unmatched
capabilities and a history of building strategic, customizable and insight-driven solutions that maximize efficiency
and results. You are part of an organization that has a reputation for outstanding leadership, innovation and
expertise. Our Teammates use their creativity and talent to invent new solutions, meet new demands and offer
the most effective services and products in the industry. With your active involvement, creativity and support, the
company will continue to achieve its goals.
A key to our success is hiring and developing talented Teammates. Each Teammate has an important role in our
operations, and we value the skills, experience and background that they bring to Advantage. By making our
Teammates successful, we make our clients and customers successful, and this helps the organization meet its
organizational goals.
An important way our company can contribute to your success is to provide a work environment built on mutual
respect, trust and integrity. To maintain such a workplace environment, it is important that our Teammates
understand what Advantage expects from them and what they can expect from Advantage. We have created this
Handbook to familiarize Teammates with various aspects of the company and its programs, policies and
procedures. Be sure to carefully review this Handbook and refer to it regularly. Understanding and abiding by
these policies will help us drive the business forward, while ensuring the company maintains a safe and
professional work environment.
If, at any time, you have questions, issues or concerns related to your employment, do not hesitate to reach out
to your supervisor/manager or Human Resources.
Thank you for being part of our team. We wish you much success as you pursue realizing your potential with
Advantage Solutions. We are glad to have you with us.
Winning Together,
David Peacock
Chief Executive Officer