Voluntary Open Door Policy
Open communication is essential to a successful work environment and helps foster a workplace built on integrity
and respect. All Teammates are encouraged to openly communicate their suggestions for improving the
workplace or any complaints about the workplace by using the following reporting channels. While these are not
the only avenues available to you, the Company believes that using these established methods of internal
communication can help foster prompt and effective resolution of workplace concerns.
• Supervisor or Manager. This is your first contact. Your leaders are the ones who are the most familiar
with your work and are usually in the best position to resolve your issues and concerns.
• Next Level Leader. This is your contact if you still have questions or concerns after meeting with your
supervisor or manager or if you are not comfortable contacting them. The next level leader would be the
person who your supervisor or manager reports to.
• Human Resources. This is your contact if you are not comfortable contacting your supervisor/manager or
next level leader, if your concern was not adequately addressed by them, or if you would like to seek
further clarification. To reach Human Resources, please call 1-(888)-900-4276 or submit a ticket via
ServiceNow at https://advantageprod.service-now.com/now/nav/ui/classic/params/target/esc.
The Ethics Hotline, found on the Company intranet, is the reporting method to be used for possible unethical or
illegal workplace concerns. To access the Ethics Hotline or learn more information about this avenue of reporting,
please visit EthicsPoint or call 888-325-7882. The hotline is operated by an independent third-party provider.
Reports may be anonymously submitted and will be investigated objectively, in a timely manner and as
confidentially as possible.
While we provide Teammates with these reporting channels to communicate their views, please understand that
not every complaint can be resolved to a Teammate’s satisfaction. Even so, we believe that open communication
is essential to a successful work environment and all Teammates should feel free to raise issues of concern without
fear of reprisal. The Company will not tolerate any retaliation against you by anyone for reporting an issue or
concern. If anyone is found to have engaged in retaliation against you, they may be subject to disciplinary action,
up to and including termination of employment. By the same token, if a Teammate knowingly reports false
information; fails to cooperate in an investigation; or threatens any participants in an investigation, the Teammate
may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
Please remember that you may raise your concerns through any of the various reporting channels if you are not
comfortable using a particular channel, or if you believe your concerns have not been adequately addressed.