Equal Employment Opportunity
EEO/Non-Discrimination Policy. The Company is an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment
opportunities without regard to age, ancestry, color, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming
practices), citizenship status, political activities or affiliations, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or
stalking, disability (mental and physical), marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics),
genetic information, military and veteran status, national origin (including language use restrictions), race, sex
(which includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or
breastfeeding), gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status (including
whether or not you have transitioned or are transitioning), reproductive health decision-making or any other basis
protected by applicable law.
Equal employment opportunity applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement,
promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leave of absence, compensation and training.
Complaint Procedure. Any Teammate who believes that they have been harassed, discriminated against or
subject to retaliation by a co-worker, supervisor/manager, agent, client, vendor or customer of the Company, in
violation of the foregoing policies, or who is aware of such harassment, discrimination or retaliation against others,
should immediately provide a written or verbal report to their supervisor/manager, any other member of
management or Human Resources by calling (888)-900-4276 or submitting a ticket via ServiceNow at
https://advantageprod.service-now.com/now/nav/ui/classic/params/target/esc or by accessing the Ethics
Hotline to report such incidents. To access the Ethics Hotline or to learn more information about this avenue of
reporting, please visit EthicsPoint or call 888-325-7882. After a report is received, Human Resources will conduct
a thorough and objective investigation. The investigation will be completed, and a determination made and
communicated to the Teammate as soon as practical. The Company requires that all Teammates will fully
cooperate with any investigation conducted by the Company into a complaint of prohibited harassment,
discrimination, retaliation, or alleged violation of any other Company policies, including by providing an interview
and/or a written statement.
If we determine that this policy has been violated, remedial action will be taken, commensurate with the severity
of the offense. Appropriate action will also be taken to deter any future harassment or discrimination prohibited
by this policy. If a complaint of prohibited harassment, discrimination or retaliation is substantiated, appropriate
disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, will be taken.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”) and equivalent state agencies will accept and
investigate charges of unlawful discrimination, retaliation or harassment at no charge to the complaining party.
Protection Against Retaliation. Retaliation is prohibited against any person by another Teammate or by the
Company for using this complaint procedure, for reporting prohibited harassment or for filing, testifying, assisting
or participating in any manner in any investigation, proceeding or hearing conducted by a governmental
enforcement agency. Prohibited retaliation includes, but is not limited to, termination, demotion, suspension,
failure to hire or consider for hire, failure to give equal consideration in making employment decisions, failure to
make employment recommendations impartially, adversely affecting working conditions or otherwise denying
any employment benefit.
A Teammate should report any retaliation prohibited by this policy to their supervisor/manager or Human
Resources. Any report of retaliatory conduct will be investigated in a thorough and objective manner. If retaliation
is found to have occurred, appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, will be
taken.