Anti-harassment and Anti-discrimination
The Company is committed to providing a workplace free from unlawful harassment and discrimination of any
kind, including unlawful sexual harassment and harassment based on any characteristic protected by federal, state
or local laws. These protected characteristics include age, ancestry, color, religious creed (including religious dress
and grooming practices), denial of family and medical care leave, citizenship status, political activities or
affiliations, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking, disability (mental and physical), marital
status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics), genetic information, military and veteran status,
national origin (including language use restrictions), race, sex (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding
and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), sexual orientation, gender, gender
identity, gender expression and transgender status (including whether or not you have transitioned or are
transitioning), making a complaint about harassment, discrimination or other unlawful conduct, participating in
an investigation of a complaint about harassment, discrimination or other unlawful conduct, or any other basis
protected by applicable law. For specific guidance, all Teammates must review, understand and comply with the
Company’s Sexual and Other Unlawful Harassment Policy located on the Company intranet.
The Company’s anti-harassment and anti-discrimination policy applies to all persons involved in the operation of
the Company, including all Teammates of the Company, as well as vendors, customers, clients, interns and
consultants. If prohibited harassment occurs in the workplace by someone not employed by the Company, the
procedures in this policy should be followed. The workplace includes: actual worksites, any setting in which work-
related business is being conducted (whether during or after normal business hours), online and electronic
interactions with Company Teammates and third parties involved in our operations, Company-sponsored events,
and/or Company owned/controlled property.
Sexual harassment is illegal and includes unwanted sexual advances, requests for sexual favors or visual, verbal or
physical conduct of a sexual nature when:
• Submission to such conduct is made a term or condition of employment; or
• Submission to, or rejection of, such conduct is used as a basis for employment decisions affecting the
individual; or
• Such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with a Teammate's work performance
or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment, even if the individual making the
report is not the intended target of such conduct.
Prohibited sexual and other harassment includes, but is not limited to, the following behaviors:
• Unwanted sexual advances or propositions (including repeated and unwelcome requests for dates).
• Making or threatening reprisals after a negative response to sexual advances.
• Visual conduct such as leering, making sexual gestures, displaying of sexually suggestive objects or
pictures, cartoons, posters, websites, emails or text messages.
• Verbal conduct such as epithets, derogatory jokes or comments, slurs or unwanted sexual advances,
invitations or comments about a Teammate’s body or dress, whistling or making suggestive or insulting
sounds.
• Verbal and/or written abuse of a sexual nature, graphic verbal and/or written sexually degrading
commentary about an individual's body or dress, sexually suggestive or obscene letters, notes, invitations,
emails, text messages, tweets or other social media postings.
• Physical conduct such as assault, touching, impeding or blocking normal movement.
• Threats and demands to submit to sexual requests as a condition of continued employment, or to avoid
some other loss and offers of employment benefits in return for sexual favors.
• Retaliation for reporting or threatening to report sexual or other harassment.
Harassment on the basis of any legally protected status is prohibited, including harassment based on: age (40 and
over), national origin or ancestry, color, religion, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, medical condition,
marital status, genetic information (including testing and characteristics), veteran status, uniformed
servicemember status, race, sex (which includes pregnancy, lactation, childbirth or related medical conditions),
gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status (including whether or not you
have transitioned or are transitioning), or any other status protected by federal, state or local law. Prohibited
harassment may include behavior similar to the illustrations above pertaining to sexual harassment. It also
includes, but is not limited to:
• Verbal conduct including taunting, jokes, threats, epithets, derogatory comments or slurs based on an
individual’s protected status;
• Visual and/or written conduct including derogatory posters, photographs, calendars, cartoons, drawings,
websites, emails, text messages or gestures based on an individual’s protected status; and
• Physical conduct including assault, unwanted touching or blocking normal movement because of an
individual’s protected status.
Complaint Procedure. Any candidate, Teammate or intern who believes that they have been subjected to
prohibited harassment or retaliation by a co-worker, supervisor, manager, client, visitor, vendor, customer or
temporary or seasonal worker of the Company, or who believes another individual has been subject to such
conduct, should report it immediately. Candidates, Teammates or interns are encouraged to report concerns,
even if they relate to incidents in the past, involve individuals who are no longer affiliated with the Company, or
concern conduct occurring outside of work if it impacts the individual at work. Complaints can be made verbally,
or in writing, to the highest-ranking on-site supervisor or manager, any member of management or Human
Resources at (888)-900-4276 or submitting a ticket via ServiceNow at https://advantageprod.service-
now.com/now/nav/ui/classic/params/target/esc. You may also contact the Company’s Ethics Line at 888-325-
7882 or online at www.adv.ethicspoint.com. Teammates are not required to report any prohibited conduct to a
supervisor or manager who may be hostile, who has engaged in such conduct, who is a close Teammate of the
person who has engaged in such conduct, or with whom the Teammate is uncomfortable discussing such matters.
Teammates are encouraged, but not required, to communicate to the offending person that their conduct is
offensive and unwelcome. Any supervisor or manager who receives a complaint of harassment or retaliation must
immediately report the matter to Human Resources.
If you experience, hear of, or witness any kind of unlawful discrimination or harassment, or retaliation of any kind,
immediately inform your supervisor/manager or Human Resources. The Company will immediately undertake a
thorough, objective investigation. Details of the investigation will be kept as confidential by the Company as
possible to the extent practical and permitted by law. The investigation will be completed, and a determination
made and communicated to the Teammate as soon as practical. If a complaint of prohibited harassment or
discrimination is substantiated, appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment,
will be taken. If a complaint cannot be substantiated, the Company may take appropriate action to reinforce its
commitment to providing a work environment free from harassment or discrimination.
While the Company’s intent is to resolve issues internally through the internal complaint procedure, you also
should be aware that the EEOC, as well as other state specific agencies, investigate complaints of prohibited
harassment in employment. If you think you have been harassed or retaliated against for resisting or complaining
about harassment or discrimination, you may file a complaint with the appropriate agency by visiting its website.
Supervisor/Manager’s Responsibility. All supervisors and managers are responsible for:
• Implementing this policy, which includes, but is not limited to, taking steps to prevent harassment and
retaliation;
• Ensuring that all Teammates under their supervision have knowledge of and understand this policy;
• Promptly reporting any complaints to the designated Human Resources Representative so they may be
investigated and resolved in a timely manner;
• Taking and/or assisting in prompt and appropriate corrective action when necessary to ensure compliance
with this policy; and
• Conducting themselves, at all times, in a manner consistent with this policy.
Failure to meet these responsibilities may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of
employment.
Protection Against Retaliation. Retaliation is prohibited against any person by another Teammate or by the
Company for using this complaint procedure, reporting prohibited harassment, objecting to such conduct or filing,
testifying, assisting or participating in any manner in any investigation, proceeding or hearing conducted by a
governmental enforcement agency. Prohibited retaliation includes, but is not limited to, termination, demotion,
suspension, failure to hire or consider for hire, failure to give equal consideration in making employment decisions,
failure to make employment recommendations impartially, adversely affecting working conditions or otherwise
denying any employment benefit.
Individuals who believe they have been subjected to retaliation or believe that another individual has been
subjected to retaliation, should report this concern to a supervisor or manager or to Human Resources. Any report
of retaliatory conduct will be investigated in a thorough and objective manner. If a report of retaliation prohibited
by this policy is substantiated, appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment,
will be taken. If a complaint cannot be substantiated, the Company may take appropriate action to reinforce its
commitment to providing a work environment free from retaliation.
Even if the alleged harassment or retaliation cannot be substantiated or does not turn out to rise to the level of a
violation of law, the initiation of a good faith complaint of harassment or retaliation will not be grounds for
disciplinary action. However, any individual who makes a complaint that is demonstrated to be intentionally false
may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
Corrective Action/Discipline. Any Teammate found to be responsible for harassment or other prohibited conduct
will be subject to appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
In addition to being subject to discipline for engaging in harassing or sexually harassing conduct themselves,
supervisors and managers will be subject to discipline (up to and including termination) for failing to report
suspected harassment or sexual harassment, or otherwise knowingly allowing harassment or sexual harassment
to continue. Supervisors and managers will also be subject to discipline for engaging in prohibited retaliation.
The Company will strive to assist anyone who has been subjected to unwelcome harassment or retaliation to feel
more comfortable in the work environment. Such assistance may, but does not necessarily include, transfer or
reassignment. Any such assistance is at the Company’s sole discretion.