Disability and Accommodation
The Company is committed to compliance with applicable laws ensuring equal employment opportunities to
individuals with disabilities. The Company will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or
mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is a candidate or a Teammate, unless
undue hardship and/or a direct threat to the health and/or safety of the individual or others would result. Any
Teammate who requires an accommodation in order to perform the essential functions of their job, enjoy an
equal employment opportunity and/or obtain equal job benefits may submit a request online on the Workplace
Accommodations section on Advantage Benefits at AdvantageBenefits.net. Human Resources will communicate
with the Teammate and engage in an interactive process to determine the nature of the issue and what, if any,
reasonable accommodation(s) may be appropriate. In some cases, this interactive process may be triggered
without a request from the Teammate, such as when the Company receives notice from its own observation or
another source that a medical impairment may be impacting the Teammate’s ability to perform their essential job
functions.
Teammates who believe they need an accommodation must specify what barriers or limitations prompted the
request. The Company will evaluate information obtained from the Teammate, and possibly their personal health
care provider or another appropriate health care provider, regarding any reported or apparent barrier(s) or
limitation(s) and will then work with the Teammate to identify possible accommodations, if any, that will help to
eliminate or otherwise address the barrier(s) or limitation(s). If an identified accommodation is reasonable and
will not impose an undue hardship on the Company and/or a direct threat to the health and/or safety of the
individual or others, the Company will generally make the accommodation, or it may propose another alternative
reasonable accommodation which may also be effective. Teammates are required to cooperate with this process
by providing all necessary documentation supporting the need for accommodation and be willing to consider
alternative reasonable accommodations when applicable.
Teammates who wish to request unpaid time away from work because of a qualifying disability should speak to
Human Resources regarding a proposed reasonable accommodation. Teammates may also request a workplace
accommodation through the Workplace Accommodations section on Advantage Benefits at
AdvantageBenefits.net or via ServiceNow.