Employment of Related Parties
Relations. The Company permits the employment of qualified family members and those occupying similar
personal relationships (“Relation”) only if the employment does not create a direct or indirect
supervisory/managerial relationship; does not involve the same reporting/management line; does not have the
potential to and/or does not create an adverse impact on work performance or morale; and does not create an
actual or perceived conflict of interest. For purposes of this policy, “Relation” is defined as a parent, spouse, child,
sibling, grandparent, grandchild, aunt, uncle, niece, nephew, first cousin and corresponding in-law, “step”
relations and any member of the Teammate’s household.
Teammates are required to inform the Human Resources Compliance Team by emailing
hrcompliance@youradv.com if they are related to an employment candidate and candidates are required to
inform the Company if they are related to a current Teammate. If Teammates become related while employed
and a change in position is required to avoid workplace issues, the Company will attempt to make an
accommodation. If an accommodation is infeasible or impractical, the Teammates will be asked to determine who
will resign their employment. If the Teammates decline to decide, the Company will make the decision, in its sole
discretion.
Personal Relationships. A “personal relationship” is defined as a relationship between individuals who have a
relationship of a romantic or intimate nature. The Company respects the right of all individuals to develop and
engage in personal relationships of their own choice. The Company prohibits personal relationships between
Teammates if a direct or indirect supervisory/managerial relationship exists; involves the same
reporting/management line; or when their personal relationships may create a potential conflict of interest, cause
actual or perceived favoritism, or impact business judgment.
Any Teammate who is involved in a personal relationship which is a potential violation of this policy must
immediately inform their supervisor or manager or the Human Resources Compliance Team at
hrcompliance@youradv.com. The Company will evaluate the situation and work toward a resolution.
If it is determined that either a family or personal relationship violates Company policy, the Teammates will be
given the opportunity to discuss and decide who will transfer to another position, or be terminated, if no position
is available. If the Teammates decline to decide, the Company will make the decision, in its sole discretion.