Company Property and Teammate Privacy
Teammates may be provided with property that belongs to the Company or its clients or customers (“Company
Property”) to perform their job duties. Examples of Company Property include: computers, mobile phones, email
accounts, shared drives, desks, work areas, file cabinets, credenzas, debit/credit/expense cards, vehicles,
equipment, materials, financial assets, electronic or physical documents, access to software or other computer
programs, files and other information sent to, received by or generated by the Company, Teammates or others
acting on behalf of the Company.
Teammates shall have no expectation of privacy as to Company Property. To ensure the safety and security of
Teammates and customers, and to protect our legitimate business interests, the Company reserves the right, to
the furthest extent allowed by applicable law, to inspect and search all Company Property, even Company
Property provided to a Teammate for that Teammate’s sole use. Inspections may be conducted during or after
business hours, in the presence or absence of the Teammate.
Teammates may only access Company Property if they have been authorized to do so and only for its intended
purpose. Unauthorized or improper use, review, duplication, dissemination, removal, damage or alteration of
Company Property for personal or commercial gain is prohibited. Further, Teammates are to promptly report any
Company Property loss, damage, defect, misuse, or repair need to their supervisor/manager.
Upon termination of employment, or upon request at any time, Teammates are required to return Company
Property in satisfactory condition. Subject to applicable law, Teammates may be responsible for the reasonable
cost to repair or replace Company Property that is damaged, lost, stolen, or misused as a result of the Teammate’s
gross negligence, willful misconduct, or failure to comply with Company policy or expectations. Additionally, in
these instances, Teammates may also be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of
employment.