Employment Classifications
Each Teammate is designated as either “non-exempt” or “exempt” according to federal and state wage law.
Teammates will be informed of their employment classification upon hire or change of classification. Teammates
who have questions regarding their classification should contact their supervisor/manager or Human Resources.
• Exempt. Teammates classified as exempt are compensated on a salary basis and are not eligible for
overtime pay. Although actual hours may vary from time to time, such differences will not impact the
Teammate’s salary or benefits eligibility, subject to applicable law.
• Non-exempt. Non-exempt Teammates usually work on an hourly basis and are eligible for overtime pay
for hours worked in excess of 40 hours in a given week, or as otherwise required by applicable state law.
In addition to being classified as exempt or non-exempt, each Teammate is designated as Regular Full-Time,
Regular Part-Time, Temporary or Seasonal.
• Regular Full-Time. Teammates classified as Regular Full-Time are normally scheduled to work 40 hours
per week. Full-time Teammates are generally eligible for the benefits described in this handbook and are
provided with benefits required by applicable law.
• Regular Part-Time. Teammates classified as Regular Part-Time are normally scheduled to work less than
40 hours per week. (If a Teammate works more than 35 hours per week on occasion, such an infrequent
occurrence will not change their part-time classification). Part-time Teammates are eligible for some, but
not all benefits described in this handbook and are provided with benefits required by applicable law.
• Temporary. Teammates classified as Temporary are generally hired to supplement the workforce or assist
with a specific project. It is the Company’s intention to limit the duration of Temporary assignments to a
maximum of ninety (90) days. Employment beyond this limit is allowed only if authorized by Human
Resources. Temporary Teammates are not eligible for benefits, except as required by applicable law.
• Seasonal Teammates. Teammates classified as Seasonal are hired to work for a limited duration,
according to seasonal periods, as defined by business needs. If a Seasonal Teammate has been inactive
and not working and not receiving wages for six months or more, their employment may be subject to
termination, other than where a Teammate is on an approved leave and in accordance with applicable
law. Seasonal Teammates are not eligible for benefits, except as required by applicable law.
General Points about Employment Classifications. The fact that “Regular” employment is not classified as
Temporary or Seasonal does not create a contract or guarantee of employment for any period of time or change
the at-will nature of a Teammate’s employment. Further, Temporary and Seasonal employment beyond any
initially stated period does not create a contract for or guarantee of employment for a specified period of time or
imply a change in at-will employment status.