Teammate Benefits
Eligible Teammates and eligible dependents are provided a wide range of benefits. All Teammates receive
government-mandated benefit programs, such as Social Security, workers’ compensation, state disability and
unemployment insurance. Additional benefits are provided to Teammates according to their employment
classification, average hours worked, Company policy and terms and conditions of the benefit plans. Regular, Full-
Time Teammates are normally eligible for all benefits; Regular Part-Time Teammates are normally eligible for
some benefits; and Temporary and Seasonal Teammates are normally only eligible for those benefits mandated
by the applicable federal, state and local laws of their primary work location.
Some benefit programs require contributions from the Teammate, while others are fully paid by the Company.
Payment for benefits requiring contributions will usually be made through payroll deductions. A list of benefits
and eligibility information are provided to Teammates during the hiring process. A full description of benefits and
eligibility requirements are available on the Company intranet. Benefit plans offered by the Company are defined
in legal documents such as insurance contracts and summary plan descriptions. If there are inconsistencies
between the informal descriptions in this handbook and the actual plan descriptions, the actual plan descriptions
will govern. Plan documents, if applicable, are available for your inspection. The Company and its designated
benefit plan administrators reserve the right to determine eligibility, interpretation and administration of issues
related to benefits offered by the Company.
The Company reserves the right to modify or eliminate any benefit programs and/or costs, subject to applicable
laws. If federal, state or local laws in a Teammate’s primary work location differ from the benefits outlined in the
handbook, the Company will comply with applicable laws to the extent it is required to do so.
Same-Sex Marriages, Civil Unions & Domestic Partnerships. The Company complies with all applicable federal
and state laws regarding the provision of benefits to same-sex spouses, domestic partners and couples in a civil
union. Teammates should contact HR Shared Services if they have any questions regarding benefits eligibility for
themselves or their spouses, domestic partners or partners in a civil union.