Timekeeping/Payroll
The Company is committed to complying with all applicable timekeeping and wage payment laws and to properly
paying its Teammates. Below are some key timekeeping and payroll policies and procedures. This is not an
exhaustive list. Additionally, if any federal, state or local law in a Teammate's primary work location differs from
these policies and procedures, the Company will comply with such law to the extent it is required to do so.
If you have any questions regarding these policies, or those contained in any provided applicable state-specific
supplemental information (which is accessible on the Company intranet), or if you have a payroll question, contact
your supervisor, manager or HR Shared Services.
Failure to comply with the timekeeping and payroll expectations communicated in this document and/or any
additional requirements provided in applicable state-specific supplemental information (which is accessible on
the Company intranet), will lead to disciplinary action, up to and including immediate termination of employment.
Non-Exempt Teammates
• Non-exempt Teammates are required to accurately, completely and personally record all time worked in
connection with their employment with the Company.
• All time worked will be paid at the Teammate’s designated wage rate, subject to minimum wage,
overtime, and other applicable federal, state and local laws.
• Off the clock work is NOT permitted. Working without recording time worked is strictly prohibited. No
one is permitted to work, or to require, suggest, encourage, or allow others to work off the clock.
• Teammates must accurately record the time they start and stop working (other than any paid rest periods
taken in accordance with applicable law). When a Teammate is clocked out, they may not perform any
work. By recording one’s work time, a Teammate affirms that they are not working when clocked out.
• Teammates are expected to promptly notify their supervisor/manager of any incorrect or missing time
entries by sending a written request with the corrected date/time and reasons for the correction.
Supervisors/managers will make the required change(s) through the timekeeping system.
• Making inaccurate time entries, omitting work time and requesting (or making) a dishonest adjustment
to time records are prohibited. Questions regarding the accuracy of time records or edits must be
promptly directed to HR Shared Services.
• Teammates will only be permitted to perform work outside of regular work hours if their direct
supervisor/manager expressly requests this in writing and if it is recorded as time worked.
• Teammates are expected to record their time entries at the time they start and end work and when they
start and end any applicable meal periods or split shifts. If a Teammate has any difficulty making entries
in the timekeeping system, they are expected to use an alternative method, as directed by their supervisor
or manager.
If you become aware that any supervisor or manager is requesting, encouraging, allowing or requiring that non-
exempt Teammates work “off the clock,” that supervisor’s or manager’s conduct should be reported to Human
Resources. Such reports will be kept confidential to the extent possible. Retaliation against any Teammate who
reports a violation of this policy in good faith will not be tolerated. Any supervisor or manager who requests or
requires that non-exempt Teammates work “off the clock” or who retaliates against any Teammate(s) who reports
in good faith their belief that a supervisor or manager is requesting or requiring that non-exempt Teammates
work “off the clock” will be subject to discipline, up to and including termination of employment.
Exempt Teammates
Exempt Teammates are paid on a salary basis. This means the Teammate regularly receives a predetermined
amount of compensation each pay period, which cannot be reduced because of variations in the quality or
quantity of the Teammate’s work. In general, an exempt Teammate will receive their salary for any week in which
they perform any work, regardless of the number of days or hours worked, except in the following circumstances:
• If an exempt Teammate takes one or more full days off work for personal reasons other than sickness or
disability, the Teammate will not be paid for such day(s) of absence, but the Teammate may use available
vacation time to make up for the reduction in salary.
• An exempt Teammate will be paid only for the days actually worked if the Teammate works only part of
the week during their first and last week with the Company.
• An exempt Teammate will not be paid for days/hours of absence taken under unpaid leave pursuant to
the Family and Medical Leave Act or other applicable corresponding state or local laws.
The Company may require an exempt Teammate to use available vacation or sick time, as a replacement for salary,
when the Teammate takes less than a full day off from work, as permitted by applicable law.
An exempt Teammate’s salary will not be reduced when the Teammate works part of a week and misses part of
a week due to service as a juror, witness or in the military or for lack of work.
It is Company policy to comply with the salary basis requirements of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) and
applicable state law. The Company prohibits any deductions from pay that violate the FLSA or applicable state
law.
If an exempt Teammate believes that an improper deduction has been made, the Teammate should immediately
report this to their supervisor, manager, or Human Resources. Reports of improper deductions will be promptly
investigated. If it is determined that an improper deduction has occurred, the Teammate will be reimbursed for
any improper deduction made.