Meal and Rest Periods
It is the Company’s policy to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws regarding meal and rest
periods for non-exempt Teammates.
• If a Teammate works in a state with mandated meal and rest period requirements, the Company will
provide meals and rest periods in accordance with all applicable state requirements. Teammates and their
supervisors/managers are expected to review, understand, and comply with all applicable provisions in
any applicable state-specific supplemental information (which is accessible on the Company intranet)
provided in connection with this Handbook.
• If a Teammate works in a state where there are no applicable meal or rest period requirements, the
Company will provide break time as appropriate, subject to operational needs and supervisor/manager
discretion. The Company does not contract to provide such break time in these states.
• Rest periods of short duration (between five and 20 minutes) provided to Teammates will be counted as
hours worked and paid accordingly. Teammates must be relieved of all duties during their rest periods;
however, as rest periods are paid time, Teammates should not clock out for rest periods.
• Meal periods lasting 30 minutes or more provided to Teammates are not considered hours worked and
will not be paid. Teammates must be completely relieved from work duties during any unpaid meal period.
Teammates must record the beginning and ending time of their meal periods taken each day.
Please make sure to review your business unit’s specific meal and rest break policy for more details. If you have
questions on how to access the policy, please reach out directly to your manager or supervisor.
Nothing in this policy is intended to limit a Teammate’s ability to take required restroom breaks or legally
mandated breaks related to lactation or an approved reasonable accommodation related to one’s disability,
religion or pregnancy.
Any non-exempt Teammate who believes they were not provided meal or rest periods in keeping with this policy
or applicable law is expected to promptly notify Human Resources by calling (888)-900-4276 or submitting a ticket
via ServiceNow at https://advantageprod.service-now.com/now/nav/ui/classic/params/target/esc. Teammates
may also submit a report through the Ethics Hotline at http://adv.ethicspoint.com or call 888-325-7882. If a
Teammate does not report any concerns, as directed, they are affirming that any missed, late, or short meal or
rest periods were a voluntary choice and not the result of being discouraged or prevented from taking those meal
or rest periods; and that they were permitted to take all meal and rest periods, in accordance with this policy and
applicable law.