Lactation Policy
Teammates who are nursing mothers may take reasonable breaks to express milk as frequently as needed, up to
the age required by applicable law. Although not required, the breaks should be taken concurrently with provided
break periods. For non-exempt Teammates, breaks are unpaid unless they run concurrently with a paid rest break
or as required by state law. For Teammates who do not work from home, the Company will identify designated
locations in its offices or other facilities and will work with third parties to identify designated private locations,
shielded from view, free from intrusion from co-workers and the public and separate from the restroom facilities
for this purpose. The Company will make a reasonable effort to identify a location within close proximity to the
work area for the Teammate to express milk. This location may be the Teammate’s or another private office, if
applicable.
Teammates will be relieved of all work-related duties during the lactation break. Where unpaid breaks or
additional time are required, Teammates should work with their supervisor/manager regarding scheduling and
reporting the extra break time. Where state law imposes more specific requirements regarding the break time or
lactation accommodation, the Company will comply with those requirements. Because exempt Teammates
receive their full salary during weeks in which they work, all exempt Teammates who need lactation
accommodation breaks do not need to report any extra break time as “unpaid.”
Teammates who desire lactation accommodations should request this accommodation immediately following
their return to work by accessing the Workplace Accommodations section on Advantage Benefits at
AdvantageBenefits.net. The Company will not demote, terminate or otherwise take adverse action against a
Teammate who requests or makes use of the accommodations and break time described in this policy.
If applicable state or local law in a Teammate’s primary work location differs from the provisions of this policy,
the Company will comply with such law to the extent it is required to do so.
The Company will otherwise treat lactation as a pregnancy-related medical condition and address lactation-
related needs in the same manner that it addresses other non-incapacitating medical conditions, including
requested time off for medical appointments, requested changes in schedules and other requested
accommodations.
Teammates should discuss with their supervisor/manager the location for storage of expressed milk. In addition,
Teammates should contact Human Resources during their pregnancy or before their return to work after giving
birth to identify the need for a lactation area.
For Teammates working in a jurisdiction that has a mandatory lactation accommodation law, the Company will
comply with all legal requirements, including providing greater or different benefits than those indicated here.