Business Travel and Reimbursement
The Company will reimburse Teammates for reasonable, ordinary and necessary business expenses, which are
incurred by a Teammate in the performance of assigned job duties and responsibilities. Since it is not practical to
set forth every allowable expense, Teammates should exercise sound business judgment and common sense
whenever they incur expenses for which they will expect reimbursement. The Company reserves the right to not
reimburse (or limit reimbursement for) any travel, entertainment, or other expenses it determines to be
unreasonable, contrary to the intent of the Company or in violation of any government regulations.
Reimbursements for acceptable expenditures are limited to actual, reasonable expenses incurred by the
Teammate in the conduct of Company business.
For more information regarding the Company’s Business Expense Reimbursement Policy and how to submit an
Expense Report, please refer to the Company intranet under the Teammate Resources – Travel & Expense tab.
For more information on travel, please review the Company’s Travel and Expense policy.
Mileage and Drive Time Reimbursement
Effective March 2025, non-exempt, hourly Teammates that drive a vehicle to various locations as part of their job
duties are eligible to receive mileage reimbursement at a rate of $0.36 per mile (although, it may be higher in
some states or by customer account). The applicable rate applies to all travel in-between locations during a
Teammate’s shift. However, during a Teammate’s commute from home to their first store, they will only receive
mileage reimbursement for any travel that exceeds 40 miles. The same threshold applies for a Teammate’s
commute home from their last store. For example, if a Teammate drives fifty (50) miles to their first store, they
will be reimbursed for ten (10) miles at the established rate. Similarly, If a Teammate drives fifty (50) miles from
their last store to home, they will be reimbursed for ten (10) miles at the established reimbursement rate.
Non-exempt, hourly Teammates that drive to various locations as part of their job duties are also eligible to receive
drive time reimbursement, which is reimbursed at a Teammate’s base hourly rate. Teammates will be reimbursed
for all drive time between store locations during their shift. However, during a Teammate’s commute from home
to their first store, they will only receive drive time reimbursement for travel that exceeds sixty (60) minutes. The
same threshold applies during a Teammate’s commute from their last store to home. As an example, if a
Teammate drives one hour and 15 minutes to their first store, they will be reimbursed for 15 minutes of pay at
their standard hourly rate. Similarly, if their commute is one hour and 15 minutes from their last store to home,
they will be reimbursed for 15 minutes of pay at their standard hourly rate.
For more information regarding mileage and drive time reimbursement, please refer to the Company’s Travel
policy or Teammates should reach out to their direct manager or supervisor.