Floating Holidays
Floating holidays allow Teammates to take time off for any reason and at any time the Teammate wants, thereby
enhancing Teammates’ work-life balance and accommodating the needs of a diverse employee population (e.g.,
Teammates of different faiths and traditions).
All Teammates eligible for holiday pay will be awarded up to two paid floating holidays per year. Floating holidays
are generally awarded to Teammates at the start of each calendar year. However, in the initial year of hire or
eligibility, floating holidays are awarded as follows:
Floating Holiday Award Schedule
Hire/Transfer Date Floating Holidays Awarded
January – April 2
May – August 1
September – December 0
Teammates must have management approval before taking their floating holidays. The Company reserves the
right to decline requests as well as to schedule and/or require Teammates to take floating holidays at times
designated by the Company.
Subject to applicable law, floating holidays must be taken in the calendar year in which they were awarded, and
payment in lieu of floating holidays shall not be provided. The Company will not pay out awarded but unused
Floating holidays upon separation of employment or allow for carry-over of unused Floating holidays from one
calendar year to another unless required by state or other applicable law.
Notwithstanding that, where payout and/or carry-over is required by applicable state law, the Teammate’s total
floating holiday balance may accrue to a cap of two times the maximum annual award of floating holidays (i.e.,
four days). Once the maximum amount has been reached, no additional floating holidays will be earned until
previously earned floating holidays are used. Teammates will not be given retroactive credit for any period of time
in which they do not earn floating holidays because they were at the maximum. At year-end, unused floating
holidays at or below the maximum amount will carry over to the subsequent year. Upon termination of
employment, Teammates will be paid for all floating holidays that have been earned but remain unused through
the last day of work where required by applicable law. Floating holidays will be paid at the Teammate’s regular
rate of pay in effect at the time of termination of employment.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may implement other arrangements for floating holidays as the
Company deems appropriate. However, any such other arrangement must be in writing specifically approved by
the Chief Human Resources Officer or CEO of the Company.