Vacation
All regular, full-time employees are eligible for paid time off from work pursuant to the plans below:
Regular Full-time Exempt Teammates Except Californians1 are eligible for the Company’s Flexible, No Accrual
Vacation and Floating Holiday Policy. Further information regarding this policy can be found on the Company’s
Intranet and at the following link:
Flexible No Accrual Vacation and Floating Holiday Policy
1 This policy does not apply to the following job titles: CDS Event Manager, Event Manager and ABI Territory Sales
Representative. Teammates in these titles are subject to the Company’s standard Vacation Policy and Floating
Holidays Policy included in the Handbook.
Regular, Full-time Exempt Teammates who are either (i) members of the Company’s Executive Leadership Team
(defined as the CEO and the executive officers who report to the CEO) or (ii) the ELT’s direct reports in a Vice
President or higher position are eligible for the Company’s Executive Flexible, No Accrual Vacation and Floating
Holiday Policy. Further information regarding this policy can be found on the Company’s Intranet and at the
following link:
Executive Flexible, No Accrual Vacation and Floating Holiday Policy
Regular Non-Exempt Full-Time Teammates and Regular Full-time Exempt California Teammates, that are not
eligible for the Preceding Flexible Policies are eligible to accrue vacation time after the conclusion of their 90-day
introductory period. The following is the accrual schedule for eligible Teammates.
Full-Time Vacation Accrual
Maximum Vacation
Calendar Years Daily Accrual Rate Hours
per Calendar Year
Initial Year of Employment .219 hours Up to 60 hours*
Year 1 .219 hours Up to 80 hours*
Year 2-4 .219 hours 80 hours
Years 5-9 .329 hours 120 hours
Years 10+ .438 hours 160 hours
*A Teammate may not accrue the maximum annual accrual for the calendar year if all or part of the Teammate’s
first 90 days falls within one or both of the Initial Calendar Year and Year One.
Regular, Part-Time. Part-time Teammates in select divisions may be eligible to accrue vacation time. Please refer
to the Teammate Resources, Policies and Procedures, Human Resources tab on the Company intranet for
applicable Part-time Teammate Vacation Policies.
Requesting Vacation Time. Teammates are required to obtain supervisor/manager approval as far in advance of
their vacation time as possible, but in no circumstance should the approval be received less than 14-days before
their vacation time. Approvals will be based on business needs and staffing requirements. While
supervisors/managers will make every effort to honor a Teammate’s vacation request, they reserve the right to
decline requests or require Teammates to take vacation at designated times.
Requesting Unaccrued Vacation Time. Teammates are strongly discouraged from taking vacation time before
enough time has accrued. Any request to do so requires the approval of the Teammate’s supervisor/manager as
well as the next level management. Additionally, subject to applicable law, the Company reserves the right to
offset, carry-over or obtain reimbursement from the Teammate for the overpayment of vacation time.
Using Vacation Time. Accrued vacation hours can be used up to a maximum of eight hours per day for exempt
Teammates and up to a maximum of 10 hours per day for non-exempt Teammates, based on the Teammate’s
regular work schedule.
Treatment of Accrued but Unused Vacation. The Company, where required to do so by law, will carry over
accrued but unused vacation time from one calendar year to the next up to the maximum amount allowed as
indicated by the above Full-time and Part-time accrual charts and as state or other applicable law require.
However, if not required by law, accrued but unused vacation time will not carry over from one calendar year to
the next. Additionally, the Company will pay out accrued but unused vacation time upon termination of
employment where required by state or other applicable law. However, if not required by law, the Company will
not pay out accrued but unused vacation time upon termination of employment.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may implement other arrangements for vacation as the Company
deems appropriate. However, any such other arrangement must be in writing specifically approved by the Chief
Human Resources Officer or CEO of the Company.
The Company reserves the right to require the use of vacation or require that vacation be scheduled or taken
during certain times of the year, in accordance with business needs and its sole discretion.
Questions regarding vacation eligibility, accrual and requests should be directed to the Teammate’s
supervisor/manager or Human Resources.