Sick Time
Regular full-time Teammates will be awarded 40 hours of paid sick time that can be used after the conclusion of
90 days of continuous employment. They will be awarded 40 hours of paid sick time at the beginning of each
subsequent calendar year. If a Teammate’s primary work location is in a jurisdiction with an applicable paid sick
leave law that has a higher annual maximum accrual amount, the Teammate will receive the maximum accrual
amount in accordance with that applicable paid sick leave law. They will be awarded that amount of paid sick time
at the beginning of each calendar year accordingly.
Teammates may use their paid sick time for the following reasons:
• The Teammate’s own mental or physical illness, injury or medical condition;
• The Teammate’s need for medical diagnosis, care or treatment of a physical or mental illness, injury or
health condition or need for preventative medical care (e.g., doctor, dentist or eye appointment);
• To care for or assist a family member who needs treatment for a mental or physical illness, injury or health
condition or who needs medical diagnosis, treatment or preventive medical care; and/or
• Any other reason provided for and specified by applicable law.
Eligible Teammates may be provided additional paid sick and safe time to use in accordance with applicable state
or local laws. Temporary and Seasonal Teammates are not eligible for paid sick time, unless required by applicable
state and local laws. Please see state and municipal specific paid sick time requirements under the Teammate
Resources, Required Postings section on the Company intranet.
As required, a Teammate’s paid sick time will be used to supplement Company or state disability insurance
payments if requested by the Teammate and as permitted by applicable law. The combination of disability
payments and paid sick time benefits shall not, however, ever exceed the Teammate’s ordinary weekly earnings.
Benefits provided under state or local law. If paid sick time benefits and requirements mandated by applicable
state or local law exceed that which Company policy provides, the Company will comply with those requirements
to the extent it is required to do so, including without limitation, requirements for accrual eligibility, accrual rates,
ability to carry over accrued but unused time, payout of accrued but unused time upon termination, use
requirements and receipt of previously accrued sick time balances upon reinstatement of employment with the
Company. Teammates are encouraged to review their state-specific information under the Teammate Resources,
Required Postings section on the Company intranet for specific information pertaining to state and local sick time
benefits.
Part-time, Temporary and Seasonal Teammates are not eligible for paid sick time, except as required by applicable
state and local laws. Please refer to the Company Non-Full-Time Paid Sick and Safe Time Policy on the Human
Resources Policies and Procedures section of the Company intranet. For specific paid sick time requirements by
state and municipality, please see the Teammate Resources, Required Postings section on the Company intranet.