Family and Medical Leave of Absence
The Company will grant family and medical leave in accordance with the requirements of applicable federal and
state law in effect at the time the leave is granted.
Eligibility. To be eligible for FMLA Leave benefits, Teammates must: (1) have worked for the Company for a total
of at least 12 months; (2)have worked at least 1,250 hours over the previous 12 months as of the start of the
leave; and, (3) worked at a location with 50 or more employees within a 75-mile radius, as of the date the leave is
requested. Eligibility requirements may differ for Teammates who have been on a protected military leave of
absence. If Teammates are unsure whether they qualify, they should contact Human Resources.
Reasons for Leave. Because Teammates’ legal rights and obligations may vary depending upon the reason for the
FMLA Leave, it is important to identify the purpose or reason for the leave. FMLA Leave may be used for any one
of the following reasons, or any other reason covered by an applicable state family leave law:
• The birth, adoption or foster care of a Teammate's child within 12 months following birth or placement
of the child (“Bonding Leave”);
• To care for an immediate family member (spouse, child or parent with a serious health condition) (“Family
Care Leave”);
• A Teammate’s inability to work because of a serious health condition (“Serious Health Condition Leave”);
• A “qualifying exigency,” as defined under the FMLA, arising from a spouse’s, child’s or parent’s “covered
active duty” (as defined below) as a member of the military reserves, National Guard or Armed Forces
(“Military Emergency Leave”); or
• To care for a spouse, child, parent or next of kin (nearest blood relative) who is a “Covered
servicemember,” as defined below (“Military Caregiver Leave”).
Definitions
• “Child” for purposes of Bonding Leave and Family Care Leave, means a biological, adopted or foster child,
a stepchild, a legal ward, or a child of a person standing in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or
age 18 or older and incapable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability at the time that FMLA
Leave is to commence. “Child,” for purposes of Military Emergency Leave and Military Caregiver Leave,
means a biological, adopted or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the person stood in
loco parentis, and who is of any age.
• “Parent” for purposes of this policy, means a biological, adoptive, step or foster father or mother, or any
other individual who stood in loco parentis to the person. This term does not include parents-in-law. For
Military Emergency leave taken to provide care to a parent of a deployed military member, the parent
must be incapable of self-care as defined by the FMLA.
• “Covered Active Duty” means (1) in the case of a member of a regular component of the Armed Forces,
duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country ; and (2) in the
case of a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces, duty during the deployment of the
member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a call or order to active duty (or notification of
an impending call or order to active duty) in support of a contingency operation as defined by applicable
law.
• “Covered Servicemember” means (1) a member of the Armed Forces, including a member of a reserve
component of the Armed Forces, who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation or therapy, is
otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a serious injury
or illness incurred or aggravated in the line of duty while on active duty that may render the individual
medically unfit to perform their military duties, or (2) a person who, during the five (5) years prior to the
treatment necessitating the leave, served in the active military, Naval, or Air Service, and who was
discharged or released therefrom under conditions other than dishonorable (a “veteran” as defined by
the Department of Veteran Affairs), and who has a qualifying injury or illness incurred or aggravated in
the line of duty while on active duty that manifested itself before or after the member became a veteran.
• “Spouse” means the other person with whom an individual entered into marriage as defined or
recognized under state law for purposes of marriage in the state in which the marriage was entered into,
or, in the case of a marriage entered into outside of any state, if the marriage is valid in the place where
entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. This includes common law marriage
and same sex marriage in places where these marriages are recognized.
• “Key employee” means a salaried FMLA-eligible employee who is among the highest paid 10 percent of
all the employees employed by the employer within 75 miles of the employee's worksite.
Length of Leave. The maximum amount of FMLA Leave will be 12 workweeks in any 12-month period when the
leave is taken for: (1) Bonding Leave; (2) Family Care Leave; (3) Serious Health Condition Leave; and/or (4) Military
Emergency Leave. However, if both spouses work for the Company and are eligible for leave under this policy, the
spouses will be limited to a total of 12 workweeks off between the two of them when the leave is for Bonding
Leave or to care for a parent using Family Care Leave. The applicable "12-month period" utilized by the Company
is a 12-month period measured backward from the day the Teammate uses any FMLA leave.
The maximum amount of FMLA Leave for a Teammate wishing to take Military Caregiver Leave will be a combined
leave total of 26 workweeks in a single 12-month period. A "single 12-month period" begins on the date of the
Teammate's first use of such leave and ends 12 months after that date.
If both spouses work for the Company and are eligible for leave under this policy, the spouses will be limited to a
total of 26 workweeks off between the two when the leave is for Military Caregiver Leave only or is for a
combination of Military Caregiver Leave, Bonding Leave and/or Family Care Leave taken to care for a parent.
To the extent required by law, some extensions to leave beyond a Teammate’s FMLA entitlement may be granted
when the leave is necessitated by a Teammate's work-related injury or illness or by a “disability” as defined under
the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or applicable state or local law. Certain restrictions on these benefits may
apply.
Intermittent or Reduced Schedule Leave. Under some circumstances, Teammates may take FMLA Leave
intermittently, which means taking leave in blocks of time, or by reducing the Teammate's normal weekly or daily
work schedule. A Teammate may take leave intermittently whenever it is medically necessary to care for a
seriously ill family member, or because the Teammate is seriously ill and unable to work.
Leave taken intermittently may be taken in increments of no less than one hour. Teammates who take leave
intermittently or on a reduced work schedule basis for a planned medical treatment must make a reasonable
effort to schedule the leave so as not to unduly disrupt the Company’s operations. Please contact Human
Resources before scheduling planned medical treatment. If FMLA Leave is taken intermittently or on a reduced
schedule basis due to foreseeable planned medical treatment, we may require Teammates to transfer temporarily
to an available alternative position with an equivalent pay rate and benefits, including a part-time position, to
better accommodate recurring periods of leave.
If a Teammate’s request for intermittent leave is approved, the Company may later require Teammates to obtain
recertification of their need for leave. For example, the Company may request recertification if it receives
information that casts doubt on a Teammate's report that an absence qualifies for FMLA Leave.
Notice and Certifications. Teammates are required to provide notice 30 days in advance when the need is
foreseeable or if the leave must begin in less than 30 days (normally this would be the same day the Teammate
becomes aware of the need for leave or the next business day). Depending on the reason for the FMLA leave,
completed certifications and documentation will be required for leave approval. Information and certification
requirements, including recertification requirements and forms, are available on Advantage Benefits at
AdvantageBenefits.net.
Benefits During Leave. The Company will continue making contributions for group health benefits during a
Teammate’s FMLA leave on the same terms as if the Teammate had continued to work. This means that if the
Teammate wants their benefits coverage to continue during their leave, the Teammate must continue to make
any premium payments they are required to make for themselves and/or dependents.
Teammates taking Bonding Leave, Family Care Leave, Serious Health Condition Leave and Military Emergency
Leave will generally be provided with group health benefits for a 12-workweek period. Teammates taking Military
Caregiver Leave may be eligible to receive group health benefits coverage for up to a maximum of 26 workweeks.
In some instances, the Company may recover premiums it paid on the Teammate's behalf to maintain health
coverage if the Teammate fails to return to work following a FMLA Leave.
Except as required by COBRA, the Company’s obligation to maintain health benefits during an FMLA leave will
continue until:
• The employment relationship would have terminated if the Teammate had not taken FMLA leave.
• A Teammate informs the Company that they will not return from leave (including before starting the leave
if the employer is so informed before the leave starts).
• The Teammate fails to return from leave or continues to be on leave without approval after exhausting
their FMLA leave entitlement in the 12-month period.
During FMLA leave, Teammates maintain any employment benefit accrued before the date on which the leave
commences. However, consistent with the Company's policy for all types of unpaid leave, Teammates will not
accrue additional paid time off benefits (such as vacation) while on unpaid FMLA leave.
Compensation during FMLA Leave. Generally, FMLA Leave is unpaid. However, if a Teammate has accrued but
unused paid leave, the Teammate must exhaust all paid leave at the beginning of the FMLA leave. If a Teammate
is eligible to receive benefits through State or Company wage replacement programs, they may supplement these
benefits with accrued paid leave. All such payments will be integrated so that a Teammate will receive no more
than their regular compensation during the leave. The use of paid benefits will not extend the length of the FMLA
Leave.
Return from FMLA Leave. At the end of the FMLA leave, subject to some exceptions, a Teammate will be
reinstated to the same position the Teammate held before the leave or an equivalent position with equivalent
pay, benefits and other employment terms, subject to the limitations regarding reinstatement listed below.
Limitations on Reinstatement. A Teammate is entitled to reinstatement only if they would have continued to be
employed had FMLA leave not been taken. Thus, a Teammate is not entitled to reinstatement if, because of a
layoff, reduction in force or other reason, the Teammate would not be employed at the time job reinstatement
was sought. The Company reserves the right to deny reinstatement to Teammates classified as “Key Teammates”
if such denial is necessary to prevent substantial and grievous economic injury for the Company. Those Teammates
will be notified of the possible limitations on reinstatement at the time the Teammate requests a leave of absence.
Reasonable Accommodation Following FMLA Leave. To the extent required by law, some extensions to leave
beyond a Teammate’s FMLA entitlement may be granted when the leave is necessitated by a Teammate's work-
related injury/illness or a “disability” as defined under the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or applicable state
or local law. Certain restrictions on these benefits may apply. For additional information and to request a
reasonable accommodation, visit the Workplace Accommodations section on Advantage Benefits at
AdvantageBenefits.net.
Failure to Return to Work Following FMLA Leave. If the Teammate does not return to work at the end of their
FMLA leave and does not request a leave extension or fails to satisfy the Company’s requirements for a leave
extension, the Teammate will be considered to have voluntarily resigned. The Company may recover health
insurance premiums that it paid on behalf of the Teammate during any unpaid FMLA leave unless the Teammate
fails to return to work because of circumstances beyond their control. In such cases, the Company may require
the Teammate to provide medical certifications or other documentation that verifies the circumstances.
State Law. Some states have family leave laws providing benefits that exceed those available under the FMLA.
Nothing in this policy limits your rights under applicable state law. If your leave qualifies as leave under the FMLA
and applicable state law, then the leave will be counted under both statutes and run concurrently. In all cases,
you will have the benefit of the most generous leave statute, subject to eligibility requirements.
Additional Information. For information on state leave laws, leave eligibility, coordination of benefits and to apply
for a FMLA leave, Teammates should review the Leave of Absence section on Advantage Benefits at
AdvantageBenefits.net.
Additional details on FMLA are available at: https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs28.htm.