Medical Leave of Absence
If a Teammate needs a medical leave of absence, the Teammate should contact the Company’s Third-Party
Administrator to request a leave. Leaves will be granted in accordance with applicable federal and state law and
the Company’s accommodation policy. All determinations regarding reinstatement following leave, length of
leave and continuation of insurance during a leave will be granted in accordance with applicable law. The Company
may require certification from a health care provider prior the start of the leave, detailing the reasons for the
leave, as well as following the leave, releasing the Teammate back to work, with or without the need for additional
accommodations. The Company will comply with all applicable laws pertaining to providing reasonable
accommodations. Teammates should review the available options on the Leave of Absence section on Advantage
Benefits at AdvantageBenefits.net.
Teammate Eligibility. All full-time and part-time Teammates who have been employed by the Company for at
least 90 days may be eligible for unpaid leave under this policy, if other qualifications for leave standards are met.
Documentation/Verification. Teammates seeking medical leave must return a completed medical certification to
the Company’s Third-Party Administrator. Teammates who submit incomplete, insufficient or illegible
certifications, or certifications that require clarification, will be required to obtain additional information from
their health care provider. Failure to timely comply with these certification or recertification requirements may
result in delay or denial of leave.
Benefits and Compensation. During a Teammate's unpaid leave, the Teammate is not entitled to paid holidays
and will not accrue vacation or sick hours. The Company will continue a Teammate's health insurance coverage
(including paying the Company's portion of any premium) during the Teammate's approved leave if the Teammate
continues to submit the Teammate's portion of the monthly premium payments in a timely manner during the
authorized leave period.
Return to Work. Teammates are expected to return to work immediately following a medical leave. Upon timely
return to work, the Company will attempt to return the Teammate to their original job, or to a similar position,
subject to prevailing business considerations. Reinstatement, however, is not guaranteed. If the Teammate's
position is no longer available, the Company will make a good faith effort to place the Teammate in a position of
similar pay and responsibility, if the Teammate has the required skill and ability and is otherwise qualified for the
position.
A Teammate's failure to advise the Company and/or Third-Party Administrator of their availability to return to
work, failure to return to work when notified, or continued absence from work beyond the time approved by the
Company without notifying the Company of any extenuating circumstances preventing the Teammate's return,
will be considered a voluntary resignation of employment.