Drug and Alcohol Free Workplace Policy
The Company is committed to safeguarding the health of its Teammates and to providing a safe place for its
Teammates to work. It is the policy of the Company to provide a work environment that is free from the use,
manufacture, dispensation, sale, possession or distribution of Illegal Drugs or the improper (i) use, (ii) sale, or (iii)
distribution of legal drugs or alcohol. It is also the policy of the Company to require all Teammates to perform
their job duties, without the presence of Illegal Drugs or illegal or inappropriate use of legal drugs and to prohibit
unauthorized alcohol consumption.
Violation of Policy. Everyone shares the responsibility for maintaining a safe work environment. Teammates are
required to abide by the terms of this policy. Violations of this policy will be subject to disciplinary action, up to
and including immediate termination of employment.
Illegal Drugs and Alcohol. Teammates are prohibited from using, being impaired by, or being under the influence
of, alcohol or illegal drugs while working (onsite, remotely or otherwise) or while on Company premises, except
as noted below with respect to alcohol.
Teammates are prohibited from (1) consuming alcohol while working or while on Company premises and/or
(2)working while under the influence of alcohol except during client entertainment events or gatherings hosted
and approved by the Company. When consuming alcohol during such events, Teammates are required to limit
consumption and always maintain decorum and professional behavior and comply with all Company policies. The
Teammate – not the Company – shall be responsible for monitoring the Teammate's alcohol intake and behavior.
Teammates are also strictly prohibited from driving or otherwise operating a vehicle while or after consuming
alcohol at a Company-sponsored or client event. Teammates should walk, take public transportation or an Uber,
Lyft or other car service or taxi home.
For purposes of this policy, “illegal drugs” means and includes (a) any drugs which are illegal under federal, state
or local law or (b) legally prescribed drugs not prescribed to the user or (c) even where prescribed to the user,
abuse or use of said drugs in a manner inconsistent with the prescription or purpose for which the drugs were
prescribed. Furthermore, the possession, sale, or use of illegal drugs or controlled substances without a
prescription at any time is prohibited.
Permissible Use of Substances. Teammates who must use prescribed drugs during work are responsible for being
aware of any effect such substances may have on the performance of their duties. If Teammates find that certain
medications impair their performance, they should report this fact to Human Resources, along with acceptable
medical documentation. The Company will then explore with the Teammate and any other relevant parties
whether the Teammate is able to perform their job safely and properly with or without accommodations.
Rights to Search. Teammates' possessions, vehicles and Company-issued equipment and containers under
Teammates' control are subject to reasonable search and surveillance at all times while on Company premises, or
while otherwise conducting Company business, in compliance with all applicable laws.
Reasonable Suspicion of Violations. Supervisors/managers are to immediately report to Human Resources any
action or observation that suggests a Teammate may be impaired by drugs or alcohol while at work. Human
Resources and the supervisor/manager will work together to evaluate and determine whether the Teammate
should be examined by a physician or clinic and/or tested for drugs and alcohol. Observations leading to
reasonable suspicion determinations will be reasonably contemporaneous with the request for a test. If the
Teammate is suspected of being impaired, arrangements will be made to transport the Teammate home or to an
alternate safe location. The Teammate will not be allowed to drive.
Drug Testing. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Teammates may be asked to take a test to
determine the presence of drugs or alcohol. Testing will be performed in accordance with applicable legal
standards and methods. A drug test may be a condition of employment or continued employment. The Company
reserves the right to test Teammates for the presence of illegal drugs and in some cases alcohol in the following
circumstances, except where such tests are limited or prohibited by law:
• During the hiring process to determine whether a candidate is under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
• Upon reasonable suspicion by the Company.
• Following an accident on Company premises or involving Company equipment.
• Following drug and/or alcohol rehabilitation to determine whether the Teammate is fit for duty.
• On a random basis, for Teammates who have returned from a drug and/or alcohol counseling, treatment
and/or rehabilitation program.
A Teammate’s employment or continued employment with the Company is conditioned upon their full compliance
with this policy. It is a violation of this policy to refuse to submit to lawfully requested testing. A refusal to test
includes any behavior designed to obstruct the testing process, including efforts to substitute, adulterate or dilute
specimens, as well as any failure to appear for testing within a reasonable time and failure to cooperate with
collection staff. All Teammates will be required to sign a consent form authorizing the test as well as authorizing
the use of the test results for purposes of administering these policies.
Use of Test Results. Tests that are paid for by the Company are considered property of the Company. The
examination records will be treated as confidentially as possible. However, the Company reserves the right to
release test results to the decision-maker in any proceeding initiated by the Teammate, related to the results of
an alcohol and/or drug test, or if the Company determines that the individual has engaged in conduct prohibited
by this policy. The Company also reserves the right to release test results as required by a subpoena, court order,
other judicial process or as otherwise allowed or required by applicable law. In addition, records of specific
examinations may be made available to the Teammate, or person designated by the Teammate, upon receipt of
written authorization by the Teammate.
Teammate Assistance. Teammates who are experiencing work-related problems resulting from drug or alcohol
abuse or dependency may request, or be required to seek, counseling, which may be a condition of continued
employment. Counseling sponsored or required by the Company is to be kept confidential and is to have no
influence on performance appraisals, unless such counseling is so involved as to affect job performance in the sole
discretion of management. Job performance alone, not the fact that a Teammate seeks counseling, is to be the
basis of all performance appraisals.
Any Teammate who is abusing drugs or alcohol may, in management's sole discretion, be granted a leave of
absence to undertake rehabilitation treatment. The Teammate will not be permitted to return to work until
certification is presented to Human Resources that the Teammate is capable of performing their job, is no longer
under the influence of illegal drugs or alcohol and will refrain from any further abuse of such substances. The
Teammate may also be subject to a return-to-duty test. Failure to cooperate with an agreed-upon course of
treatment may result in discipline, up to and including termination of employment. Participation in a treatment
program does not insulate a Teammate from the imposition of discipline for violations of this or other Company
policies.
Convictions. Teammates are also required, as a condition of employment, to notify their supervisor/manager
within 5 calendar days of any workplace-related criminal drug convictions in which they were involved. A
conviction means a finding of guilt, including a plea of nolo contendre, or imposition of a sentence or both by any
judicial body charged with the responsibility to determine violations of the federal or state drug statutes. If a
Teammate’s position requires that he/she/they operate a motor vehicle, the Teammate must notify the Company
of any DUI/DWI, alcohol-related conviction or driver's license restriction.