Company’s Right to Search
The Company wishes to maintain a work environment that is free of illegal drugs, firearms, explosives or other
improper materials. To this end, the Company prohibits the control, possession, transfer, sale or use of such
materials on its premises to the extent permitted by applicable law. We require the cooperation of all Teammates
in administering this policy.
Desks, lockers and other storage devices are provided for the convenience of Teammates but remain the sole
property of the Company or its Business Partners. Accordingly, they, as well as any articles found within them, can
be inspected by any agent or representative of the Company at any time, either with or without prior notice.
In addition, to ensure the safety and security of Teammates and customers and to protect our legitimate business
interests, we reserve the right to question and inspect or search any Teammate or other individual entering or
leaving company premises or third-party client job sites by a Company management Teammate. The inspection
or search may include any packages or items that the individual may be carrying, including briefcases, handbags,
knapsacks, shopping bags, etc. If a non-exempt Teammate is present during any search or inspection, they must
record the time spent during the search or inspection as working time.
These items are subject to inspection and search at any time, with or without prior notice, Teammates. The
individual may be requested to self-inspect their personal property or person by displaying the contents of any
packages and/or turning out their pockets, etc., in the presence of a representative of the Company, typically a
management Teammate of the same gender. The Company will not tolerate any Teammate's refusal to submit to
a search.
Teammates may also be subject to an inspection or search on a third-party client job site by a client management
employee, to ensure the client’s safety, security and/or business interests. Those inspections or searches are
independent from Company conduct and such decisions are made and carried out solely by third-party clients.