Attendance and Punctuality
Teammates are expected to report to their workplace on time and remain at work for their entire work schedule,
except when on rest or meal periods or when otherwise authorized to leave. Unapproved or unprotected late
arrivals, early departures or other absences from scheduled hours are disruptive and must be avoided.
If Teammates are unable to report for work on any day, they must call their supervisor/manager as soon as
practical, but no later than two hours before the time the Teammate is scheduled to begin work. Unless
extenuating circumstances exist, Teammates must call in each day they are scheduled but are unable to report to
work.
Excessive absenteeism or tardiness may result in disciplinary action up to and including termination of
employment, unless the absence or tardiness is excused time off, sick leave or a leave of absence provided in
accordance with Company policy or mandated by applicable federal, state or local laws in a Teammate’s work
location.
Unless there are extenuating circumstances or a legally protected reason, if a Teammate fails to report to work
without any notification and fails to respond to communication from a supervisor (including by phone or email)
within a specified deadline, the Company will consider that the Teammate has abandoned their job and voluntarily
terminated their employment.
If the Teammate believes that their absence, tardiness or early departure is (or should be) excused pursuant to
applicable law, the Teammate should notify their manager and Human Resources of this fact as soon as possible,
but no later than at the time of the absence, tardiness or early departure. (For the required timing of a Teammate’s
notice of the need for a foreseeable leave of absence, see the applicable leave policy). If a Teammate believes
they have been mistakenly subject to disciplinary action for an absence, tardiness or early departure that the
Teammate believes is or should be excused/approved, the Teammate should promptly discuss the matter with
their manager or Human Resources. The Company will investigate the situation and any errors will be corrected.