Gifts, Meals, and Entertainment
The purpose of business gifts, meals and entertainment in a commercial setting is to create goodwill and sound
working relationships, not to gain unfair advantage with clients or customers. Teammates must act in a fair and
impartial manner in all business dealings. Gifts, meals and entertainment should further the business interests of
the Company and not be construed as potentially improperly influencing business judgment or creating an
obligation. For this reason, the Company discourages the exchange of gifts for business purposes and places limits
on meals and entertainment.
Teammates are charged with making impartial decisions and recommendations for the Company and on behalf
of our clients and customers in the area of client, customer and vendor service and selection. As such, Teammates
are prohibited from receiving directly or indirectly any incentives from past, present or potential clients,
customers or vendors who may be selected to receive or provide products or services directly to the Company or
via the Company to our clients and customers. Incentives include but are not limited to gifts, monetary exchanges,
entertainment, celebratory meals or refreshments, special access, memberships or offering to give anything of
value in order to influence any action or decision; provided, however, that the foregoing does not restrict (1)
business-purpose meals or refreshments or (2) gifts of value under $100. The term “gift” includes any gratuity,
favor, discount, entertainment, hospitality, loan, forbearance, or other item having monetary value, including
services, training, transportation, lodging and meals, whether provided in kind, by purchase of a ticket, payment
in advance or reimbursement after the expense has been incurred. Any gifts of value ranging from $100-$250
must be approved by a direct supervisor/manager while gifts of value more than $250 must be approved by a
respective ELT leader. Any additional exceptions to this Policy must be approved by at least two of the following
executives: the CEO, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), the Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO), or the Chief
Legal Officer (CLO). This activity will be monitored and actively supported by leadership. Any Teammate who does
not comply with the above will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.
Teammates may accept courtesies from a client when the courtesy is in connection with and specifically pursuant
to a performance-based program officially authorized by the client and approved by the Company’s division
leader.
When acting on the Company’s behalf, Teammates may give gifts, meals or entertainment only if:
• It is permitted by law;
• It serves a valid business purpose;
• It cannot be constructed as a bribe, obligation or payoff;
• Any gifts are reasonable, customary and not significant in value;
• Any meals or entertainment are reasonable and would not embarrass the Company or Teammate if
publicly disclosed; and
• All expenditures are accurately recorded in the Company’s financial records.
When interacting with clients, customers, suppliers or other Third Parties:
• Do not ask someone for a gift, meal or entertainment; and
• Do not give cash or cash equivalents like gift certificates unless specifically allowed and approved by the
Legal Department.
Special rules govern the Company’s relationships with government personnel and Teammates of certain
companies, such as our customers and vendors that support government contracts.
Gifts that Teammates may offer a government Teammate are limited to:
• Company-approved advertising item of nominal value (such as a pen, cap or T-shirt);
• modest items of food and refreshment, such as soft drinks, coffee and doughnuts offered other than as
part of a meal; or
• plaques and certificates of recognition.
Except for these three limited exceptions, Teammates must receive prior approval from the Company’s CEO or
CLO in order for them to give or offer a gift to a government Teammate or a member of their immediate family.
Sales-related commissions, rebates, discounts, credits and allowances are customary business inducements, but
careful attention is needed to avoid illegal or unethical payments and to ensure compliance with various
applicable laws and regulations.
For more detail on treatment of bonuses, awards, gifts and incentives for pay purposes, please see Section titled
“Bonuses and Awards.”