Social Media Policy
Social media can take many forms, including online social networks, message boards, conversation pages, internet
forums and blogs, online profiles, wikis, podcasts, pictures, video, email, instant messaging, music-sharing and
voice-over IP, to name just a few. Social media applications can include LinkedIn, Facebook, Wikipedia, YouTube,
Twitter, Yelp, Glassdoor, etc.
The Company encourages all teammates to engage in respectful, positive dialogue that illustrates how to win
together and consistently serve clients, consumers and communities with heart at Advantage Solutions. It is not
the Company’s intention to restrict your ability to have an online presence, nor should this policy be construed to
restrict or interfere with any Teammate’s rights under applicable law. Instead, the purpose is to define the
Company’s position regarding Teammates’ social media postings and communications and comply with applicable
law and Company policies. The general message is to be thoughtful about how you present yourself online and
take steps to ensure that any content is in keeping with the following guidelines:
• Do not post or communicate confidential, trade secret or proprietary information about the Company or
its Business Partners.
• Do not post or communicate confidential information or private information of other teammates,
including credit card numbers, Social Security numbers, driver's and other license numbers, addresses or
any other information that is not publicly accessible.
• Teammates must adhere to all Company’s policies when using social media, including the Company’s
policies against harassment, discrimination, retaliation and workplace violence.
• Do not post or communicate anything that violates any copyright, fair use, trade secret or financial
disclosure laws.
• Do not post content related to our Business Partners without explicit permission. Our Business Partners’
privacy is a priority for Advantage Solutions. While you are encouraged to share pictures or descriptions
of your work, including in-store activations or participation in company or partner events, any information
related to our partners must be cleared by the partner, the Corporate Communications team and other
internal stakeholders, as necessary — in advance. Similarly, Advantage Solutions’ teammates should not
contact customers for social reasons or solicit them outside of traditional business activities.
• Do not use personal social media during work time.
• The Company has well established means to communicate publicly. Only those officially designated by the
Company have the authorization to speak on behalf of the Company.
• Each Teammate bears full responsibility for any material they post on social media.
• Privacy settings should be used when appropriate. However, Teammates should be aware that their social
media postings and communications may still be viewable by the public.
• In any post or communication in which you endorse the Company, its Business Partners (if permission is
granted) or related products, services or Teammates, you must include a disclaimer that clearly identifies
you as a Company Teammate and makes it clear that the views you express do not necessarily reflect the
views of the Company or its Business Partners. This rule is required by the Federal Trade Commission’s
endorsement guidelines.
If you are engaging in the above type of communication, we suggest using the following: “I am a
o
Company Teammate. The opinions expressed here are my own and do not necessarily represent
the views of the Company and have not been authorized or adopted by the Company.” It is
important to note that a communication otherwise in violation of this or other Company policy is
not exempt from Company policy by including such a disclaimer.
• Do not unlawfully use the Company’s logo, trademark, or proprietary graphics for commercial or
competitive purposes.
Report Platform and Community Abuse
If you believe that a topic or post violates our community guidelines—or if you have questions about whether
something is allowed—please contact the Corporate Communications team immediately at
socialmedia@advantagesolutions.net. You may also forward this information to your supervisor/manager or to
Human Resources by calling (888)-900-4276 or submitting a ticket via ServiceNow. Teammates may also submit a
report via the Ethics Hotline or call 888-325-7882, so the matter can be reviewed and appropriate action taken.
In response to a report of abuse or as part of our other review processes, we may review content on our platforms
and/or forums and take action if we determine there is a policy violation. That action may include restricting
access to the content, removing the content and limiting or terminating a user’s access to Advantage Solutions’
online forums in an appropriate capacity.
We reserve the right to change these guidelines at any point in our effort to keep our online platforms and
communities user-friendly, informative and safe. Again, we may limit or restrict your participation in these online
spaces at our discretion. These social media guidelines apply to all Advantage Solutions social media channels in
all languages available.
Teammates will be held accountable for engaging in social media activity that violates this policy. Failure to comply
with this policy may lead to discipline, up to and including termination of employment and, if appropriate, the
Company will pursue all available legal remedies. The Company also may report suspected unlawful conduct to
appropriate law enforcement authorities. The Company will not construe or apply this policy in a manner that
interferes with Teammate’s legally protected social media discussions regarding wages, hours or working
conditions. If you have any questions regarding this policy, contact your supervisor/manager or Human Resources.