Workplace Violence Prevention2
The safety and security of Teammates is of vital importance to the Company. Therefore, the Company has adopted
a zero-tolerance policy concerning workplace violence. Threats or acts of violence that involve or affect company
Teammates or that occur on the Company’s premises, will not be tolerated.
The prohibition against threats and acts of violence applies to all persons involved in the operation of the
Company, including, but not limited to, Company Teammates and other personnel, contract and temporary
workers, consultants, contractors, customers, vendors, visitors and anyone else on the Company’s premises.
Violations of this policy by a Teammate will result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of
employment.
It is our goal to have a workplace free from acts or threats of violence and to respond effectively in the event such
acts or threats of violence do occur.
Workplace violence is any conduct that occurs in or affects the workplace and is sufficient to cause an individual
to reasonably fear for their personal safety or the safety of their family, friends and/or property. Violence includes,
but is not limited to, threatening and intimidating behaviors, verbal comments, physical abuse, use or threatened
use of weapons of any kind, including but not limited to guns, knives, mace, pepper spray, bringing any type of
weapon onto Company property, vandalism, arson, sabotage or any other act that is deemed by management to
be inappropriate in this regard.
Examples of workplace violence include, but are not limited to:
• Threats or acts of violence occurring on Company premises, regardless of the relationship between the
parties involved in the incident;
• Threats or acts of violence occurring off Company premises involving someone who is acting in the
capacity of a representative of the Company;
• Threats or acts of violence occurring off Company premises involving a Teammate if the threats or acts
affect the business interests of the Company;
• All threats or acts of violence occurring off Company premises, of which a Teammate is a victim, if the
Company determines that the incident may lead to an incident of violence on Company premises; and
2 Teammates who work in California and New York are subject to the Workplace Violence Prevention Plan.
• Threats or acts of violence resulting in the conviction of a Teammate or agent of the Company, or an
individual performing services for the Company on a contract or temporary basis, under any criminal code
provision relating to violence or threats of violence when that act or the conviction adversely affects the
legitimate business interests of the Company.
Examples of conduct that may be considered threats or acts of violence under this policy include, but are not
limited to:
• Threatening physical contact directed toward another individual;
• Threatening an individual or their family, friends, associates or property with harm;
• The intentional destruction or threat of destruction of the Company’s or another's property;
• Menacing or threatening phone calls;
• Stalking;
• Veiled threats of physical harm or similar intimidation; and/or
• Communicating an endorsement of the inappropriate use of firearms or weapons.
Workplace violence does not refer to workplace arguments or debates that are zealous or impassioned, provided
there is no resort to any form of coercion. Discussions about sporting activities, popular entertainment or current
events are not considered workplace violence when there is no threat of violence being directed to the workplace
or any individual connected with it. Rather, workplace violence refers to behavior that demonstrates an intention
to engage in violence, condones violence in the workplace, or targets any individual with acts or threats of
violence.
Teammates should help maintain a violence-free workplace. To that end, Teammates are encouraged to
immediately report any incident that violates this policy to a supervisor or manager or Human Resources.
No provision of this policy statement or any other provision in this policy alters the at-will nature of employment
with the Company, unless applicable state law provides otherwise.
The Company will not tolerate retaliation against any Teammate who reports workplace violence.
Any Teammate who violates this policy will be subject to immediate disciplinary action, up to and including
termination. If the violent behavior is that of a non-Teammate, the Company will take appropriate corrective
action in an attempt to ensure that such behavior is not repeated.
The Company will make the sole determination of whether and to what extent, threats or acts of violence will be
acted upon by the Company. In making this determination the Company may undertake a case-by-case analysis
in order to ascertain whether there is a reasonable basis to believe that workplace violence has occurred.