Foodborne Illness for Teammates Handling Food
It is the intent of the Company to foster Teammate and public health and wellness and maintain compliance with
all federal, state and local laws on the prevention of foodborne illness. As such, the Company requires Teammates
whose job duties include handling food, to act in accordance with the following procedures:
• Teammates must inform their supervisor/manager when they have symptoms of an illness that can be
spread through food handling. Symptoms which must be reported include but are not limited to diarrhea,
vomiting, fever, sore throat with fever, etc.
• Teammates must inform their supervisor/manager if they are diagnosed with, have been exposed to, or
are the suspected source of a confirmed outbreak of any disease transmittable through food. This includes
the symptoms and conditions identified and posted on the websites for the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration.
Teammates must notify their supervisor/manager of any of the above conditions prior to reporting to work or, if
already at work, immediately following their knowledge of symptoms, diagnosis, or exposure. The
supervisor/manager will promptly determine whether to restrict or exclude the Teammate from handling food.
Teammates restricted or excluded from handling food may be placed in a temporary, alternative assignment, may
use accrued time off, or may apply for a leave of absence or other accommodation.
To return to work in a position requiring the handling of food, Teammates having had a confirmed diagnosis or
suspected exposure to any of the highly infectious conditions mentioned above, must provide their
supervisor/manager with a letter from a medical provider clearing them for return to work as a food handler, with
or without an accommodation. Medical information pertaining to a Teammate will be kept strictly confidential
and will be maintained in a separate medical file maintained by the Workplace Accommodations and Leave of
Absence teams. For additional information and/or to request an accommodation, Teammates should visit
Advantage Benefits at AdvantageBenefits.net.