Occupational Injury and Illness
The Company seeks to reduce occupational injuries and illnesses through its focus on workplace safety. Through
a variety of proactive measures, the Company:
• Seeks to prevent accidents and other situations that may lead to workplace injuries or illnesses.
• Fosters efficient case management of filed claims.
• Endeavors to return Teammates to work as soon as possible where they are able to do so.
Occupational accidents, injuries and/or illnesses, no matter how minor, must be reported by the Teammate to
their supervisor or other member of management within 24 hours of the incident. In addition, within 72 hours of
the reported injury or illness, the Teammate’s supervisor/manager must promptly complete an “Incident
Investigation Report Form.” Reporting information is located on the Safety and Workers’ Compensation page on
the Company intranet.
Teammates are encouraged to review the Company’s Time Away policies to better understand what other types
of paid time away may be provided as a matter of Company policy (e.g., vacation, sick time and floating holidays)
and/or leaves of absence (under federal or state law or Company policy) that may concurrently apply to any
absence due to a workplace injury or illness.
The Company is committed to working together with its Teammates to enable those who have incurred a
workplace injury or illness to return to work in their previous position. Subject to business needs, applicable law
and any restrictions the Teammate may have, the Company may place a Teammate in an alternative position upon
return to work. If a Teammate is unable to perform their previous job or an alternative job, with or without an
accommodation, the Teammate’s employment may be subject to termination, as permitted by applicable law.
Teammates who believe they may need an accommodation to perform their job duties following a workplace
injury/illness are encouraged to access the Workplace Accommodations section on Advantage Benefits at
AdvantageBenefits.net to learn more about the process for requesting a reasonable accommodation and to
submit a request for review.