Technology Policy
The purpose of this policy is to address computer, email and internet use by Teammates of the Company and to
provide guidelines for the proper use of Company computer network and communications systems.
• The Company provides Teammates with access to its computer system and networks primarily for use in
conducting Company business. By using the Company's network and computer systems, Teammates are
providing their consent to having their activity and Company-provided email and accounts accessed,
monitored, reviewed, recorded and stored without notice. Thus, at no time should employees believe
that they have any expectation of privacy while using any of the Company’s network and computer
systems.
• All computers, computer networks and systems provided by the Company are the property of the
Company. Teammates should not assume emails sent from their Company provided email address are
confidential or private, even when a password is used to access the account or the term “confidential”
appears in the subject line. The Company may access the computer network and systems and review
communications within the system for any purpose the Company deems appropriate, with or without
providing prior notice to the Teammate. The Company will not monitor Teammates for any unlawful
purpose or in a manner that chills the rights of statutory Teammates to engage in activity protected by
Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act.
• The use of the internet, email, or any other electronic resource to send, save, access or view obscene,
harassing, discriminatory, violent or threatening material is strictly prohibited by the Company. Prohibited
material includes, but is not limited to, sexual comments, jokes or images, racial slurs, gender-specific
comments or any comments, jokes or images that would offend someone based on race, color, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, age, national origin or ancestry, disability, or any other characteristic
protected by applicable law.
• Teammates’ use of email and the internet should be primarily limited to Company business during working
time. However, the Company does not prohibit Teammates from using their work email system for non-
business purposes when they are not on working time, such as during breaks. Every site visited can
determine the identity of the visitor. For this reason, Teammates should exercise sound judgment and
discretion when accessing the internet.
• Teammates should be thoughtful and professional in all their communications and dealings with others
on the telephone, email and social media. Teammates should not harass, threaten, libel or defame fellow
professionals, Teammates, clients, competitors or anyone else using Company computer resources.
• Computer viruses reside on the internet. Teammates should not download unauthorized software,
programs or materials without the prior approval of the Information Systems & Technology department.
Teammates should not open email attachments from recipients they do not recognize. Even if the
Teammate knows the sender, Teammates should not open any attachments that are not referred to in
the email or have atypical names, as it may have been transmitted maliciously.
• If a Teammate believes that their computer has been affected by a virus, the Teammate should contact
the Information Systems & Technology department immediately.
• Teammates should not share their computer passwords with anyone outside of the Information Systems
& Technology department as this could allow non-Teammates to access the Company's sensitive
information.
• The Company's electronic communications are the property of the Company. The Company may store
electronic communications for a period of time after the communication is created. Communications may
be stored in the system, deleted, printed or otherwise used for any purpose. Teammates should delete
emails on a regular basis, unless instructed otherwise. The Company will purge emails that have not been
archived according to the schedule established by the Information Systems & Technology department.
• Company systems shall not be used to send or receive copyrighted materials, software, trade secrets,
proprietary information, or similar materials without proper authorization. This includes (but is not limited
to) clips, photos, movies and music.
• The Company's electronic resources must not be used for solicitation purposes during working time. The
Company's non-solicitation rule applies to the use of electronic resources.
• This policy in no way prohibits Teammate communications that are protected under applicable state and
federal laws, including but not limited to any activity that is protected under Section 7 of the National
Labor Relations Act, which includes the right of Teammates to speak with others about their wages and
other terms and conditions of employment.
Prior to or upon separation of employment, no Teammate shall print, forward, transmit or remove any
information whatsoever from the Company’s Computer Systems, without written permission from management.
Also, upon separation of employment, all Company-provided phones, computers and other equipment must be
returned. Once the device is returned to IT, all data on the device will be erased. Teammates are not permitted
to forward to themselves or otherwise save or print any the Company data, including emails, business contacts,
customer lists, or other information. If you do not return the device to the IT Department prior to leaving on your
last day, the Company reserves the right to electronically “cleanse” your mobile device, which will remove all data
from the phone. Failure to return the device when required to do so may have additional legal consequences.
Failure to comply with all aspects of this policy may lead to disciplinary action up to and including termination of
employment. For clarification, additional details or further information on this policy, contact your
supervisor/manager, Human Resources or the Information Systems & Technology department page located on
the Company intranet.